The red-nosed pros at the 2014 World Clown Association annual convention know you think they’re creepy. How does a maligned and misunderstood centuries-old art form survive bad PR and cultural decline? “In our hearts, we’ve been burned.”
A spry woman stands before a large, carpeted hotel conference room, her sturdy, Midwestern voice clipping along without need of a microphone as the room murmurs in agreement. She speaks emphatically, her gaze swaying back and forth over the dozens of participants like a fan forever saying no. “Sometimes we get our clown stuff on and think everybody loves us and everything is great!” She pantomimes a peppy little dance with a big, toothy smile. Abruptly, she drops the act, her grin slumping into a scowl, shoulders following suit. “Wake up, clown.”
The group is small, around two dozen people or so, most of whom are members of the AARP generation, but engaged, keenly focused on her, sitting quietly in their stackable chairs, raising their hands as necessary and nodding along with her message. A few are taking notes. The woman behind me smells strongly of cotton candy and it makes my mouth water in that hot, fast way that happens when you’re about to be carsick. It’s 9:00 on a cold March morning, day five of the 31st annual World Clown Association Convention in a suburban Chicago hotel, and Tricia Manuel, better known as Priscilla Mooseburger, is commanding the room.
The branch of clowning represented here is the one with the big shoes and balloon tricks, corporate-event clowning and gospel clowning. There are the caring clowns, who aim to bring joy to the sick, and clowns who take church mission trips to foreign countries. Of this wholesome, whiteface empire, one of the few titans at the top is Priscilla Mooseburger. A former Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey circus clown and costume designer, the current occupation listed on her LinkedIn profile is “Queen of Clowns” at Priscilla Mooseburger Originals. She’s been running her eponymous clown arts camp since 1994, the website for which invites you to “COME TO MOOSEBURGER YOU’LL FEEL FUNNY.”
Our complicated relationship with clowns spans everything from the circus to the sex dungeon, from Saturday morning Bozo to Tim Curry peering up from the storm drain, from Patch Adams to Insane Clown Posse, not to mention the ubiquity of that flame-haired, greasepaint visage, the placidly smiling face of what is surely the 20th-century Ozymandias: Ronald McDonald. Every person I told about my plan to attend the clown convention voiced concern for my well-being.
One woman in particular keeps tripping my peripheries with her floppy bucket hat and the way it shudders limply atop her head. Later, when she removes it, I realize that her orange highlighter locks are not, in fact, a wig, but a hue she coaxed nature into.
This seminar, called “Posing for Pictures and Working with the Media,” is for the most part a simmering rally for strategy and solidarity in the face of the current clown PR crisis. Of course, there’s the usual scary-clown trope to deal with, like the recent separate attempts by filmmakers to drum up some publicity by donning clown garb and standing ominously along roadsides and construction sites, last year in Northampton, U.K., and more recently in Staten Island.
But there’s an additional tension this year: Just weeks prior, the New York Daily News reported that America might be facing a clown shortage. Citing decreased membership rates in the country’s largest trade organizations — Clowns of America International (CAI) and the World Clown Association (WCA) — the article painted clowning as the loser in a war of attrition, but nonetheless steadily committed to the fight. CAI President Glen Kohlberger claimed membership numbers are dropping because “[t]he older clowns are passing away.” Compounding this, the reasoning goes, is that interest in clowning is waning: Kids just aren’t joining up like they used to. But despite making clowns sound like a critically endangered species no one is rushing to save, the article also mentioned the intense competition for clowning jobs with Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus and higher audience expectations necessitating a higher quality of clown. Higher standards are not the usual by-product of a surfeit of talent.
Mooseburger opens the floor for a listing of scary clowns — a naming of the enemy, so to speak. Voices call out around the room, and I consider joining in when no one says John Wayne Gacy, but think better of it. A man yells sharply, “The Joker from Batman!” and the room buzzes in agreement like a human vuvuzela. But in spite of how grim things look out there, Mooseburger preaches the promotion of positive clowning with corn-fed sensibility.
She mocks the shock jocks who call her for interviews and appearances: “Really?” she spits out with a distasteful laugh, her head bobbing up and down like a lovesick cockatiel. “You’re interested in the art of clowning?” Later, she notes, somewhat menacingly, to never take work as a blood-soaked haunted house clown, implying that no real clown would ever participate in the denigration of such a good and wholesome art form.
Mooseburger calls for volunteers to try couples poses, positioning the tall man behind her, his shoulders back and hands on hips, before — at a suitably chaste distance — she bends over directly in front of him and props herself up with hands on squatting knees. Leaning forward with a big, toothy smile, Mooseburger says, “What used to be OK is not.”
What follows is a series of poses, punctuated by rapid-fire comments about Miley Cyrus and our “corrupt society.” “Don’t think that just because you’re a woman that you get a free pass, not in this society,” she warns, referring to how easy it is to be photographed looking accidentally inappropriate. Periodically, she stops the exercise and bellows, “Both hands showing at aaaaall times!” Then the fire alarm rings.
The space is suddenly too small for all the people rushing out of it. The bottleneck into the stairwell has a faint whiff of Black Friday desperation, and clowns collide with me and my bag as I stagger like a drunkard to keep myself conducive to upright and controlled motion. The stairway is filled with the elderly wearing complicated hobby costumes. I make it out unscathed and the fire alarm turns out to be something minor. In the aftermath, clowns mill about the hall. I watch other hotel guests try not to stare, I try not to stare, employees try not to stare, but everyone is staring.
In one regard, the convention feels like any other: like-minded people who share an interest in something, people who love it in a manner much deeper than your average bystander, who know it in incredible detail. But amid the camaraderie, in the spaces between the cliques, the atmosphere is softly bristled. After the seminar, the conversations taking place among the stragglers return to the shortage. “If the clown shortage is real, I’d be having an easier time gettin’ work!”
In spite of the current backlash, clowns are still more than an easy punch line or sight gag. Floyd Mayweather Jr. — the highest-paid athlete in the world — hired a clown procession to lead him into the ring for his win over Marco Maidana. Juggalos have made clowns a symbol of empowerment. A video of Puddles, a tall, sad clown, singing Lorde has more than 8 million views on YouTube. Julia Louis-Dreyfus had clown sex in a GQ spread. (OK, maybe that was a sight gag.) The interesting thing hidden in the guarded humor of this convention is not some piecemeal insight into why people dislike a comedic figure — it’s why, all of this sentiment to the contrary, the clown persists as a cultural icon, revered or feared. There seems to be a perverse and abiding fascination, if even a morbid one. But why? I mean, you clicked on this, right?
If you have coulrophobia, or even an aversion to clowns, you may not want to read this. Because there are a lot of clowns here and they're all doing something strange in the town of Wasco, California: They're wandering around late at night, clown-style.

Dressing up to wander the streets in clown makeup at night is, of course, not a crime in itself. But the people who are doing the dressing up must know that there are going to be some frightened townspeople, especially now that there's a creepy clown who literally stabs people to death with scissors in BROAD DAYLIGHT WHEN ANYONE CAN SEE OH MY GOD on television.

If I were living in Wasco, I would move out immediately. Nothing good comes from clowns. Nothing good will ever come from clowns. And I stand firm on this. Stop taking pictures of the clowns, citizens of Wasco! They're just lulling you into a false sense of comfort.

Update: The Wasco clown has an Instagram account and says that the late-night antics are a photo project between him and his wife (a likely story). Fortunately for nearby Bakersfield, an unidentified copycat is probably a legitimate evil monster.
BAKERSFIELD, California (AP) — People dressed as clowns are causing a stir in California's San Joaquin Valley.

The latest after-dark sighting came Saturday, when police in Bakersfield responded around 8 p.m. to a report of a clown holding a firearm.

Officers searched but didn't find anyone.

The Bakersfield Californian reports that the latest sighting came after a week during which police received numerous calls about scary or mischievous clowns.

According to the newspaper, police said they have arrested one minor who acknowledged dressing up and chasing younger juveniles.
Residents at one apartment complex in Greenville are looking for answers as to why nothing is being done about their unsafe living conditions.

“It feels like a hundred degrees, it feels like I’m sitting on the sun,” says Ruthee Hamby.

Mark Hamby and his family live at Fleetwood Manor Apartments in Greenville.

He says he’s spent the past four months without air conditioning and no one has been out to fix it.

“I’ve talked to the maintenance people, the management, nobody wants to do nothing about it.”

He says, his family has been sleeping downstairs because, as his daughter puts it, the heat upstairs is simply unbearable.

“I’m usually the last one asleep.”

For others, the broken air conditioning is the least of their worries.

“They’re saying it’s asthma and it’s a hazard for my child to be here because of the mold,” says Donna Arnold.

Arnold says the water by her front door isn’t just bringing mold under her carpets, it’s also a breeding ground for insects.

“I have roaches all the time. I spray, spray, there’s nothing I can do. I’ve spent like over $300 on roach kill trying to get them out of my house.”

7 News tried getting answers from apartment management and got nowhere.

We also reached out to the Housing and Urban Development in Columbia for answers, but came up empty handed.

Something Hamby is all too familiar with.

“We try to call them, it’s a runaround, answering machine, you never get a call back.”

7 News is going to stay on top of this story and let you know when we hear about what can be done to address some of the residents’ concerns.
Wisconsin residents are calling police, asking about a disheveled clown walking through Green Bay with four black balloons.

But, there's not much police can do. The clown doesn't appear armed or dangerous — just really creepy.

"This person is not breaking the law," said Captain Kevin Warych of the Green Bay Police Department. "He can walk in a clown costume anywhere he wants."

The clown, who is being referred to as Gags – The Green Bay Clown, was first spotted at 2 a.m. Aug. 1, according to a fan Facebook page that popped up the next day.

Commenter Shannon Mueller said if she met Gags, she would "curl into the fetal position and die of heart exploding from pure terror."

Photos of Gags show a figure with full face makeup – high eyebrows, hollow eyes and a black smile. The clown wears a soiled-looking jumpsuit with a ruffled collar.

Some believe Gags is part of a horror film, but others say they haven’t seen a camera crew.

Warych said he's surprised that Gags has gone viral.

"At the end of the day, it’s just a person walking around in clown costume."
GREENVILLE AREA ALERT: This came from one of the residents of Fleetwood Manor apartments, over behind Waffle House on South Pleasantburg. 


12 
12
953 shares
8 Comments
Comments

Sharon Duvall Young Oh goodness!
1 · August 26, 2016 at 7:43am


Cathy Connally Gilreath Sharing
August 26, 2016 at 7:50am


Jeffrey Hood Wow. That's messed up. Why they got to use clowns like that.
August 26, 2016 at 9:35am


Alexis Reid Scary!!
1 · August 26, 2016 at 9:53am


Lisa Finley Good Lord!!! Prayers for protection
August 27, 2016 at 1:01am


Beth Thomas Zweigoron OK, I was waiting for the punch line but, sadly, it appears this is no joke.
August 27, 2016 at 4:49pm


Elizabeth Holcombe Whoa. This has 948 shares!
August 29, 2016 at 6:00pm


Tracy Dale Gilreath Jr. Yep. My post went viral...
2 · August 29, 2016 at 6:58pm
GREENVILLE, SC (FOX Carolina) -
Multiple law enforcement agencies are investigating a rash of incidents involving clown sightings at apartment complexes and other areas of Greenville and Spartanburg counties.

Greenville County deputies were called to investigate a clown sighting on Rutherford Road Friday afternoon, emergency dispatchers confirmed. Dispatchers said they received a call from the 1700 block of Rutherford Road about a man dressed as a clown who was last seen running into the woods.

Both the Greenville Police Department and Greenville County Sheriff's Office have open cases and the Spartanburg Police Department confirmed Thursday that a clown sighting had been reported at an apartment complex there.

Deputies in Greenville County said the clowns were initially seen in wooded areas, where they reportedly tried to encourage children to join them, but the situation escalated to reports that clowns were also knocking on the doors of homes.

Investigators said no conclusive photo or video evidence has surfaced and no suspects have been named in any of the incidents.

Officer Gilberto Franco with the Greenville Police Department said the biggest obstacle investigators are facing is lack of detail in the descriptions they are receiving of the clowns. Franco said that of the three reports his agency is investigating, not enough information was received about the costumes, hair colors, and whether or not the suspects had on masks or painted faces. 

The Warning Letter

FOX Carolina begin looking into the clown sightings after residents at Fleetwood Manor Apartments shared a letter they found on their apartment doors that left hem them concerned for the safety of their neighborhood.

The letters, which were reportedly posted at the apartment complex on Fleetwood Drive on Aug. 24, stated the property management has received complaints of a person dressed as a clown trying to "lure children into the woods."

The letter, which appears to be printed on Fleetwood Manor Apartments letterhead, reminds the public children should never be alone or walking through the woods at night.

The property management in the letter indicates Greenville County law enforcement is conducting daily patrols of the property due to the reports. Below is the full text of the letter:

8/24/2016

To The Residents of Fleetwood Manor

There has [sic] been several conversation [sic] and a lot of complaints to the office regarding a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods. First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens [sic] safety is a top priority. At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night. Also if a person or persons are seen you are to immediately call the police. Greenville County Police Department is aware of the situation and have been riding [sic] the property daily. Remember there is a 10pm curfew for the property so to ensure your childrens [sic] safety please keep them in the house during night hours and make sure at ALL times children are supervised. Anymore information that becomes regarding this issue will be sent out to all residents.

Thank you,

Property Manager
Donna Arnold, one of the people residing at the complex who received the letter, said she called the Greenville County Sheriff's Office to come out to Fleetwood Manor after her son and others reported seeing clowns behind the basketball court.

“I thought my child was seeing things," Arnold said. "And then the next day I had about 30 kids come up to me and say, ‘Did you see the clown in the woods?”

Community activist Bruce Wilson said he is getting involved at the apartments to make sure children are safe, even if the sightings turn out to be harmless.

"We have about two to three hundred children out here," Wilson said. "I want to make sure that law enforcement is doing the right thing."

The Greenville Sightings

Deputies confirmed Monday they were called to the apartment complex on Aug. 21 to investigate after residents reported seeing "a suspicious character, dressed in circus clown attire and white face paint, enticing kids to follow him/her into the woods."

Investigative reports state police met with a mother, whose name was redacted, who witnessed the clowns in the woods after her son notified her of their presence. The woman told deputies the clowns were shining green laser lights in the woods.

Another resident also reported seeing a "large-figured clown with a blinking nose" standing under a streetlight near the trash dumpsters.

Deputies spoke with children who told them clowns tried "to persuade them into the woods further by displaying large amounts of money." The children advised they believed the clowns lived in an old house near a pond, accessible via a trial behind the apartment complex.

The house near the pond was located, but deputies said they found no signs of suspicious activity or clowns.

According to the investigative report, deputies also received two prior calls about clowns in the area and one call about gunshots being fired at clowns.

At about 8:30 p.m. Monday, Greenville County Deputies made their way to the Emerald Commons Apartment Complex on White Horse Road after a child said he saw a man dressed in a clown costume about two hours prior.

Deputies released this 911 call about the Emerald Commons incident.

Another clown sighting was reported at the Shemwood Apartments in Greenville shortly before 10 p.m. on Monday, according to the sheriff's office.

A 12-year-old told deputies two clowns were sighted in the backyard area, one with red hair and another with a white mask and body suit. The juvenile also told deputies that a person was taking photographs of children.

Four deputies were sent out to patrol the area.

Both incidents at Shemwood Apartments and Fleetwood Manor are being actively investigated by the Greenville County Sheriff's Office and patrols have been increased in the area to ensure the safety of the public.

Deputies have not been able to substantiate any claims through evidence or video surveillance, but they said they have don't have any reason not to believe the claims.

"This type of call in particular where people are alleging that the clowns are being used to lure children, of course we are going to take that seriously," Greenville County deputy Ryan Flood said.

One Tuesday night, the Greenville Police Department reportedly received two new calls about clown sightings at Shemwood Apartments, within hours of each other.

Callers said kids started chasing two clowns through the complex before the clowns ran to a wooden fence and broke through it to get away. One clown was waiting in a car and the other two clowns jumped in and they took off. Witnesses said the car appeared to be a newer-model black Honda.

The children told officers one clown had a red nose and red hair but no face paint.

On Wednesday police said a young girl walking home from school reported seeing a clown in the wooded area by Hughes Academy in the Pleasant Valley area. Officers are en route to investigate near Rice Street and Deoyley Avenue.

Later on Wednesday, Greenville police said a resident at Park Haywood Apartments on Congaree Road reported seeing a clown in the complex's laundromat. According to the incident report, "the suspicious person did not make any action, just stood and stared."

The woman who saw the clown described him as a man between ages 35 and 45, approximately 5 feet 10 inches tall and 200 pounds. In the report, the witness describes the suspicious person as wearing a white swimmer's cap with red hair coming out of the sides, white face paint with a red painted line around his mouth.

The subject was reportedly wearing a gray long-sleeve shirt, white gloves, white balloon pants and black boots. The witness said he smelled like house paint.

Greenville resident Kevin Thomas posted this photo on Twitter, which has since been featured in an Inside Edition video about the clown debacle.
If you see a clown, or anybody else suspicious, call the police, says the letter from Fleetwood Manor.
Story highlights
One resident initially didn't buy into the creepy clown stories
(CNN)It's like a scene straight out of Stephen King's "It."

Young kids. A creepy clown. And everybody's freaking out.
Children at the Fleetwood Manor Apartment complex in Greenville, South Carolina, say someone dressed as a clown is hanging out behind the basketball courts there, trying to lure kids into the woods.
The apartment complex took it seriously enough to put out a letter to its residents, acknowledging the complaints from parents and their children, and telling them to call the police if they see something -- or someone -- suspicious. The person apparently is dressed in a clown costume, with a painted face and possibly using laser lights.
One resident didn't believe at first.
"I thought my child was seeing things," resident Donna Arnold told CNN affiliate WHNS. "And then the next day I had about 30 kids come up to me and say, 'Did you see the clown in the woods?'"
Gulp.
Don't send in the clowns
But Greenville's not the only place that's had to put up with creepy clown sightings. A couple of years ago in Bakersfield, California, police got around 20 calls on clowns, including one about someone in a clown suit brandishing a weapon. And in the small California town of Wasco, there were sightings of a clown all over the place, but that turned out to be a photography project started by a husband and wife. (They wished to remain anonymous. Gee, we wonder why?)

GREENVILLE, S.C. —
Residents of a Greenville County apartment complex say clowns have tried to lure their children into the woods with large amounts of money, and deputies have released the report Monday in connection to the claims.

Advertisement
Related Content 
Report of suspicious man wearing clown mask at 2nd apartment complex, officials say 
People report seeing clowns at 2 Upstate apartment complexes, deputies say 
WYFF News 4 first asked the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office on Friday about the complaints. Drew Pinciaro, with GCSO, checked with Crimes against Children investigators and was told and they were not aware of anything like that being reported.
But Pinciaro sent out a release on Monday saying, “Many of you have inquired about clowns being spotted in the woods near Fleetwood Manor Apartments.  As of today’s date, there has been one incident report filed with our office regarding this.  I have attached a copy of the incident report for your review. 
“In the report you will note there were two other calls related to this.  One call was regarding the clown sightings and the other call was in reference to gunshots being heard in the area.  In both calls, the complainants refused to give their names and no incident report was filed.  Our deputies did not locate anyone matching the description when they responded. 
“This case has been assigned to our follow-up unit for further investigation and we also have deputies extra patrolling that area.” 
The police report from Aug. 21 says a deputy went to Fleetwood Manor to conduct a follow-up investigation of reports from two callers on Aug. 20 who said a suspicious person dressed in circus clown clothing and white face paint trying to entice children to follow him into the woods. Pinciaro said no police reports were filed Aug. 20 because the callers were "uncooperative and would not leave their names."
A woman told the deputy that her son told her that he saw several clowns in the woods “whispering and making strange noises.” She said she went with her son to the area where he said he had seen the clowns, and her son told her that he saw several clowns in the woods who were flashing green laser lights before they ran away.  The woman’s older son told the deputy that he heard chains and banging on the front door of their home on the night of Aug. 20.
Donna Arnold says her son told her about seeing clowns.  She says he is scared.
“At first, I thought he was telling a fib and I said, ‘Go in the house and we'll talk about this again,’ because I didn't want it all over the place,” Arnold said. “And then the next day, there was like 30 kids that came up to me and said, ‘Ms. Donna, Ms. Donna, there's clowns in the woods.’ My child was with me, so I knew they had to see something.  There was more than one kid that seen them, so I feel confident that he was telling the truth.”
Another resident told the deputy that when she was walking to her home on Aug. 21 at about 2:30 a.m., she saw a large clown with a “blinking nose” standing under lamp post near a dumpster. She said the clown waved at her, but did not approach her or speak.
The deputy said other children told him that several clowns appeared in the woods and tried entice them into the woods by showing them large amounts of cash.  The children said they think the clowns live in a house near a pond at the end of a trail in the woods.
The deputy walked the trail to a house near a pond in the woods behind the apartment. The deputy said there were no signs of suspicious activity and found no one dressed as a clown.
The deputy said he investigated a report of gunfire the night before, and learned that men from the apartment complex, who were aware of the complaints about clowns, fired weapons in the direction of the wooded area after they heard noises.
Last Wednesday, the property manager at Fleetwood Manor sent a letter to residents warning of the complaints.
The full, uncorrected text of the letter says: “There has been several conversation and a lot of complaints to the office regarding a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods.
“First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens safety in a top priority. At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night. Also if a person or person are seen you are to immediately called the police.  Greenville County Police Department if aware of the situation and have been riding the property daily.
“Remember there is a 10 p.m. curfew for the property so to ensure your childrens safety please keep them in the house during the night hours and make sure at all time children are supervised.
Anymore information that comes regarding this issue will be sent out to all residents.”
“I want it gone,” Donna Arnold said. “We've got over 300 kids in this community and I love all of them. And I'm scared that something is going to happen to them.”
“There has been a couple of people that have seen them,” Master Deputy Drew Pinciaro of the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office tells PEOPLE. “Mainly it has been children who have reported they have seen these clowns in the woods. Every time we have gone out there we have not seen any clowns.”
The purported sightings have since sparked intense social media speculation. Fleetwood Manor Apartments itself commented on the matter, issuing a letter to residents, according to WYFF.
“At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night,” the letter read, according to the station.
The complex asked that if residents see anything suspicious, they call police.

Pinciaro says the department first heard about the clown sightings on Aug. 20, when an anonymous caller called in to report a “suspicious character, dressed in circus clown attire and white face paint, enticing kids to follow him into the woods.” 
Later that evening, another anonymous caller reported gunshots being fired near the apartment complex, Pinciaro says.
“There were allegations that they had seen these clowns with guns, but our investigators responded and didn’t find any shell casings or anything like that,” Pinciaro says. “At this point we have not found any information or evidence to corroborate anything. I am not saying it is not true, but we haven’t found any evidence yet.” 
According to a Greenville County Sheriff’s Office incident report obtained by PEOPLE, a deputy followed up the next day, on Aug. 21. He went to the apartment complex and spoke to a woman who claimed her son had seen clowns in the woods, whispering and making noises, and when she went over to check, she saw several clowns flashing green laser lights in the woods before they ran off.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Later that evening, the woman told the deputy the next day, her eldest son had heard chains and banging on the front door of their apartment, according to the report.
One resident told WYFF her son had also seen the clowns.
“At first, I thought he was telling a fib and I said, ‘Go in the house and we’ll talk about this again,’ because I didn’t want it all over the place,” Donna Arnold said. “And then the next day, there was like 30 kids that came up to me and said, ‘Ms. Donna, Ms. Donna, there’s clowns in the woods.’ My child was with me, so I knew they had to see something. 

“There was more than one kid that seen them, so I feel confident that he was telling the truth.”
Another resident told the deputy during his follow-up visit that she’d been walking home to her apartment hours before, at 2:30 a.m., and saw a “large-figured clown with a blinking nose, standing under a post light near the garbage dumpster area,” according to the incident report.
“She stated the suspect waved at her and she waved back while she made her way to her residence safely,” according to the report. “The suspect did not approach her or harm her.” 
According to the report, several children also told the deputy that clowns had approached them behind one of the apartment buildings and tried to lure them into the woods “by displaying large amounts of money.” 
The children said the clowns lived in a house near a pond at the end of a hiking trail, according to the report. The deputy found the house, but “there were no signs of suspicious activity or characters dressed in clown attire,” according to the report.
Pinciaro says that the clown sightings have stopped, but the case is still under investigation. 
“They will continue to try and look into it and either confirm or deny these allegations,” he tells PEOPLE. 
He adds, “It is definitely not something you hear every day for sure.”

 Go 

 Replay: FOX43 News at Ten  FOX43 TV Schedule 
  
WPMT FOX43

Menu 
News
Morning
Sports
Community Calendar
Submit a Story
Contests
 56° 

 
Clown in South Carolina appears to be attempting to lure kids into woods
Posted 6:57 AM, August 29, 2016, by Tribune Media Wire 
Facebook4K+
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email

Greenville, SC — A note some Greenville County residents found on their apartment doors has them concerned for the safety of their neighborhood.
Residents at Fleetwood Manor Apartments on Fleetwood Drive reportedly received letters on Wednesday stating the property management has received complaints of a person dressed as a clown trying to “lure children into the woods.”
The letter, which appears to be printed on Fleetwood Manor Apartments letterhead, reminds the public children should never be alone or walking through the woods at night.
The property management in the letter indicates Greenville County law enforcement is conducting daily patrols of the property due to the reports. Below is the full text of the letter:
8/24/2016
To The Residents of Fleetwood Manor
There has [sic] been several conversation [sic] and a lot of complaints to the office regarding a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods. First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens [sic] safety is a top priority. At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night. Also if a person or persons are seen you are to immediately call the police. Greenville County Police Department is aware of the situation and have been riding [sic] the property daily. Remember there is a 10pm curfew for the property so to ensure your childrens [sic] safety please keep them in the house during night hours and make sure at ALL times children are supervised. Anymore information that becomes regarding this issue will be sent out to all residents.
Thank you,
Property Manager
Donna Arnold, one of the people residing at the complex who received the letter, said she called the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office to come out to Fleetwood Manor after her son and others reported seeing clowns behind the basketball court.
“I thought my child was seeing things,” Arnold said. “And then the next day I had about 30 kids come up to me and say, ‘Did you see the clown in the woods?”
Community activist Bruce Wilson said he is getting involved at the apartments to make sure children are safe, even if the sightings turn out to be harmless.
“We have about two to three hundred children out here,” Wilson said. “I want to make sure that law enforcement is doing the right thing.”
FOX Carolina has reached out to The Greenville County Sheriff’s Office and Fleetwood Manor Apartments management for comment on the incident.

Filed in: News 
Topics: clown, South Carolina, woods 
 Suggest a correction


Sponsored content 
A Circular Airport


Apr 21, 2017, by Connatix
Hans Hesselink has invented a new way to organize air traffic so that most problems of landing and taking off can be avoided.





Sponsored Content 
 
Warning About Probiotics 
By Gundry MD 



What do you think?



Popular

‘Hell’s Kitchen’ chef Paulie Giganti found dead at his Philadelphia home

Police charge two women who fought after one claimed the other slept with her boyfriend

Apple cider vinegar: What the experts say

Aaron Hernandez, former NFL player, commits suicide in prison

Latest News

Police: Man stole ‘cart full’ of items from Walmart

Giant/Martin’s alerts customers to recall of Atkins Chicken with Cheese and Bean Burritos

Franklin County man charged with attempted homicide

Neighbors worry change to anti-blight ordinance could have negative effects in Duncannon


News

Wolf administration honors America’s oldest resident, Pennsylvanian Delphine Gibson
News Sports

Why there are no NCAA tournament games in North Carolina
News

Trail cameras capture masked man and, minutes later, fire on York County homeowners’ property
News

Elevated lead levels found in City of York water
News Sports

South Carolina capitalizes on NC’s ‘bathroom bill’

News

One person displaced in Ephrata apartment building fire
News

Lower Paxton Police investigate suspicious contact with a child
News

Missing Tennessee student: From kissing allegation to manhunt
News

Wildfires burn more than 1 million acres, taking 6 lives
News

Governor Wolf recognizes recipients of 2017 Governor’s Awards for Local Government Excellence

News

Man charged in September 2015 homicide in Lancaster
News

Missing Tennessee student: From kissing allegation to manhunt
News

York County community opts against enforcing time limits on campaign signs





Mobile Apps
Android App
iPhone & iPad App
Site Map
Jobs
Politics

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Email Alerts

About & Contact

Screener

Covers

Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy 
• 2005 S. Queen St. York, PA 17403 
• Copyright © 2017, WPMT 
• A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP 


Skip to toolbar
My Site
+ Add New WordPress

Jessica Doble
jessicadoble.wordpress.com
Stats 
Plan
Free
Publish
Blog Posts
Add
Pages
Add
Personalize
Themes
Customize
Menus
Configure
Sharing
People
Add
Plugins
Domains
Add
Settings

Reader
Streams
Followed Sites
Manage
Discover
Search
Recommendations
My Likes




jessicadoble
@jessicadoble
Sign Out
Profile
My Profile
Account Settings
Manage Purchases
Security
Notifications
Special
Get Apps
Next Steps
Help

Log Out






Residents in Greenville, South Carolina, are being warned about a person dressed as a clown who is allegedly trying to lure children into the woods. “I thought my child was seeing things,” she said. “And then the next day I had about 30 kids come up to me and say, ‘Did you see the clown in the woods?”

According to an incident report from the Greenville County Sheriff's Office, a resident told officers that her son heard clowns in the woods "whispering and making strange noises." The woman went into the area described by her son and saw several clowns flashing green laser lights before they ran away.

Another resident told officers that she saw "a large-figured clown with a blinking nose" under a streetlight who waved, but did not approach her.

Several children in the neighborhood reported that the clowns were staying in a house near a pond near the woods, but officers saw no signs of clowns or any suspicious activity in the area.

The same incident report stated that men from the complex heard noises in the woods and allegedly fired weapons in the direction of the woods, but officers didn't locate any shell casings.

A letter sent the from Fleetwood Manor Apartments property manager addresses complaints about the clown and advises residents about the apartment property curfew.

“First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens (sic) safety is a top priority,” the letter reads. “At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night.”

Resident Donna Arnold told Fox 43 that her son and his friends saw the clown near the apartment basketball court.
Ready for your day to be ruined? BuzzFeed News is reporting that there may be people dressed as clowns lurking around South Carolina, trying to lure children into the woods using candy and money. You will have plenty of time to think about how scary that is now that you will never sleep again. According BuzzFeed, several people have spotted and complained about seeing multiple clowns in Greenville, South Carolina. There have apparently been enough sightings to warrant the property manager of Greenville's Fleetwood Manor apartments to issue this statement to residents:There has been several conversations and a lot of complaints to the office regarding a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods. First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments children's [sic] safety is a top priority. At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night. Also if a person or persons are seen you are to immediately call the police. Greenville County Police Department is aware of the situation and have been riding [sic] the property daily. Remember there is a 10pm curfew for the property so to ensure your children's [sic] safety please keep them in the house during night hours and make sure at ALL times children are supervised. Anymore information that becomes regarding this issue will be sent out to all residents. On top of this, at least one person has filed a police report. In the report, Donna Arnold, mother of two boys ages 10 and 13, said that one of her sons reported seeing clowns on the edge of the woods behind their apartment complex, "whispering and making strange noises."Her older son also reported hearing "chains and banging" at the door of their home. Donna's husband, James, also reported that his sons had said, "Some had chains, some had knives, and some were holding out money, saying, ‘Come here, we’ve got candy for you,’ but they wouldn’t go."

GIPHY
Another resident reported seeing a clown standing alone under a street light around 2:30 a.m. one morning. The clown waved at her and she waved back, and the clown did not approach her BUT WHAT THE HELL WAS GOING ON THERE HOW DID SHE NOT PEE HER PANTS RIGHT THEN AND THERE?
Don't freaking wave at the clowns you idiots.
Don't freaking wave at the clowns you idiots.
GIPHY
Oh, and the cherry on top of the creepy clown cake? Residents are theorizing that the group of clowns live in an abandoned house at the end of a man-made trail in the middle of the woods. Cool. Well. Nightmares are real and they are in South Carolina.
More deputies in South Carolina will be patrolling a wooded area that has reportedly been overrun with clowns.

Clowns are rumored to be luring children into the woods behind a Greenville apartment complex and the local police have stepped up precautions to keep residents safe.

A letter allegedly sent from the Fleetwood Manor Apartments property manager warned residents to keep their kids at home past curfew.
“First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens (sic) safety is a top priority,” the letter reads. “At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night.” According to an incident report from the Greenville County Sheriff's Office, one resident reported that her son heard clowns in the woods "whispering and making strange noises." She saw clowns flashing green laser lights before running away after she went to the wooded area to investigate.
00:00
/
00:00
00:00
Another resident told officers that she saw "a large-figured clown with a blinking nose" under a streetlight who waved, but did not approach her.

On Monday night, deputies were called to another apartment complex about 20 minutes away the complex after reports that a child saw a man in a clown mask in the woods.
Police in Greenville are increasing patrols after reports of attempts to lure children into the woods, despite little evidence the clowns exist. Police in Greenville, South Carolina, are increasing patrols near an apartment complex after the community’s residents were warned about clowns reportedly trying to lure children into the woods, despite little evidence the clowns exist.

On August 21, police responded to reports of clown sightings near the apartment complex. In the incident report, the officer wrote: “I was conducting a follow up investigation in reference to residents making several reports of a suspicious character, dressed in circus attire and white face paint, enticing kids to follow him/her into the woods.” According to the officer, a resident said her son told her on August 19 that he had seen clowns in the woods. Those clowns, the boy told his mother, were “whispering and making strange noises.” The woman went to the area and, the officer wrote, she “observed several clowns in the woods flashing green laser lights.” The clowns then ran away, she told the officer.  

The woman, identified by local television station WYFF as Donna Arnold, told the station that she initially thought her son was lying.

“And then the next day, there was like 30 kids that came up to me and said, ‘Ms. Donna, Ms. Donna, there's clowns in the woods,’” she told WYFF. “My child was with me, so I knew they had to see something.  There was more than one kid that seen them, so I feel confident that he was telling the truth.”

The police report said another resident also saw a clown early Sunday morning. The resident was walking to her home when she “saw a large-figured clown with a blinking nose, standing under a post light near the garbage dumpster area. She stated the suspect waved at her and she waved back while she made her way to her residence safely,” the report said.

The report also cited “several children of the community” who said the clowns have been “appearing in the woods… [to] try to persuade them into the woods further by displaying large amounts of money.” The children, the report says, “believe the clowns stay in a house located near a pond at the end of a man-made trail in the woods.” The officer wrote that he checked out the house and the pond and saw “no signs of suspicious activity or characters dressed in clown attire.”

Three days laters, residents of the Fleetwood Manor Apartment community received a letter, apparently from the property manager of Fleetwood Manor Apartments in Greenville, warning parents about “a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods.”

No police officer investigating the claims has seen a single clown, Ryan Flood, a spokesman for the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office, told The Atlantic. The clown sightings, however, seem to be spreading. Flood said a minor at an apartment complex about 20 minutes away from Fleetwood Manor called the police Monday night to say he say saw a clown coming out of the woods. Police were not able to locate any clowns.

The story has garnered national media attention—the Washington Post, USA Today, and BuzzFeed all reported on the alleged sightings. It’s not surprising, considering scary clowns are, after all, one of pop culture’s favorite tropes, as The Atlantic’s Sophie Gilbert wrote in 2014.  

But, Flood says that the media attention may make getting to the bottom of the clown scare more difficult. When asked if he was concerned the police may be chasing the figments of kids’ overactive imaginations, he acknowledged it “a possibility,” but also said the media attention might spur people to start “dressing up as clown to prank the police.”

“That’s obviously a concern,” he said. “But at the same time, if people dressed as clowns are trying to lure kids into the woods, we have to investigate it seriously.”
GREENVILLE COUNTY, S.C. – There’s a man-made trail winding through the woods near the Fleetwood Manor Apartments, leading to an abandoned home on the edge of a pond. Children say clowns live there.

Police in Greenville County in northern South Carolina haven’t been able to substantiate the children’s claims, but a police report from the first clown sightings on Aug. 21 reveal a “suspicious character ... dressed in circus clown attire and white face paint, enticing kids to follow him/her into the woods.”

A woman told a responding deputy that her son had “seen clowns in the woods whispering and making strange noises” at around 8:30 p.m. that night, according to the report, which was obtained by 48 Hours’ Crimesider.

She said the boy led her to where he saw the clowns, and then she also saw them “flashing green laser lights” before they ran away into the woods, according to the report. Around that same time, the woman’s older son reported hearing ”chains and banging on the front door” of their residence.

The deputy investigating the case said another woman at the same apartment complex said she saw a clown outside around 2:30 a.m. that morning.

The “large-figured clown with a blinking nose, standing under a post light near the garbage dumpster area”  waved at her, and she waved back, according to the police report. “The suspect did not approach her or harm her.”

Several children in the area told police clowns had displayed “large amounts of money” in an attempt to lure them into the woods. The children said they believed the clowns lived in “a house located near a pond at the end of a man-made trail in the woods,” according to the police report.

Greenville County Sheriff’s Office Master Deputy Ryan Flood told Crimesider deputies investigated the house but found no clues.

“It’s abandoned,” Flood said of the house. “Every time (deputies) have gone there they have not been able to find anything, clothing or anything else that would indicate someone lives there.”

Flood said witnesses have declined to give police their names.  

Eight days after the initial sightings, police began receiving new reports.

In one of two sightings reported on Monday night, a teenage girl told sheriff’s deputies she saw a man taking pictures of kids, and shortly after, saw a man wearing a black jacket and a clown mask coming out of the woods.

In the most recent incident, on Tuesday night, Greenville city police responded to a clown sighting near an apartment complex, where a witness said the clown left in a car, before police arrived, reports CBS affiliate WSPA. 

In another incident that was not reported to police, residents told WSPA that they chased clowns after kids told them the clowns were by the playground. They told the station they saw the clowns drive away in a dark-colored car.

It is not clear how many clowns were inside the vehicle.

Investigators in Greenville County, where Flood said there is no history he can recall of unusual clown sightings, are so far stumped.

“To my knowledge, there haven’t been any kind of circuses in town,” Flood said. “There’s crazy stuff all the time, but nothing along the lines of this to my knowledge.”

In all the reported cases, deputies and officers were unable to recover evidence that could substantiate the reports. Flood said there were no surveillance cameras monitoring the areas where the clowns were allegedly spotted.

Flood said police have increased patrols in the areas where clowns were sighted.
A knife-wielding clown reported in the Northland area might prove a hoax, but Columbus police say they aren't taking any chances. A 14-year-old boy told police that a 6-foot-tall man in dark clothing and a clown mask chased him a short distance as he walked to a school bus stop at about 6:15 a.m. Tuesday, said police spokesman Sgt. Rich Weiner. A 14-year-old boy told police that a 6-foot-tall man in dark clothing and a clown mask chased him a short distance as he walked to a school bus stop at about 6:15 a.m. Tuesday, said police spokesman Sgt. Rich Weiner.

The boy told police that the incident occurred just before sunrise in his neighborhood, near Satinwood and Ironwood drives.

He fended off the clown by throwing a rock at him and then fled to the bus stop, according to a police report. He arrived safely at Columbus North International School in the University District and then reported the incident to officials there.

The school district's security personnel and police will monitor the area where the clown was seen, they said. They haven't seen anything suspicious since. Forest Park Elementary School is located just down the road.

"We don't know if it was a targeted incident or some kind of prank, but any time a person is chasing someone with a weapon we take it seriously," Weiner said.

The culprit, if caught, could face menacing charges, he said.

According to the report, the man was wearing a mask, black pants, compression sleeves and tennis shoes. He also wore a glove on his right hand and a bandage on his left, the police report said.

Creepy clown sightings caused a nationwide frenzy in August, especially after a curious case in Greenville, S.C., attracted national attention. Residents of an apartment complex there say people dressed as clowns were trying to lure children into a nearby forest by displaying large amounts of cash. The suspects are apparently still on the loose.

And in Green Bay, Wisconsin, a disheveled clown has been spotted roaming the streets at night carrying four black balloons. Photos of the clown went viral, but the whole thing turned out to be a marketing ploy for an independent film.

Columbus City Schools officials spoke with the student's family on Tuesday and gave a letter about the incident to all of the school's students Wednesday to take home.

The boy's mother did not return a phone message seeking comment.
Multiple reports that menacing clowns are lurking in the woods — sometimes, allegedly, offering kids cash to follow them — have the residents of Greenville, S.C., looking over their shoulders and even brandishing guns.

The Greenville County Sheriff's Office said it has boosted patrols around the Fleetwood Manor apartment complex after it learned that men opened fire into woods behind the complex last week. Residents told a deputy that the men were spooked by what an incident report described as "recent clown activity."

A purported picture of one of the clowns — which NBC News hasn't been able to verify — was posted Tuesday to Twitter. According to the incident report, multiple residents, some of them children, said they saw the clowns — who they said were carrying flashing green laser lights — creeping around on the night of Aug. 21.

Some of the kids said the clowns showed them "large amounts of money," according to the investigative report. But when the deputy canvassed the abandoned house the kids said they'd been lured to, nothing suspicious was found.
Donna Arnold, a Fleetwood Manor resident, said her son was one of the kids who saw a clown. "At first, I thought he was telling a fib, and I said, 'Go in the house, and we'll talk about this when I get in,' because I didn't want it all over the place," Arnold told NBC station WYFF.
But the next day, "30 kids ... come up to me and said, 'Ms. Donna, Ms. Donna, there's clowns in the woods, there's clowns in the woods.' My child was with me, so I knew they had to see something. There was more than one kid that seen them, so I feel confident that he was telling the truth."

Managers of the complex circulated a flier last week asking residents to "ensure your children's safety — keep them in the house during night hours."
"At no time should a child be alone at nights, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night," the flier said.

Odd sightings of clowns causing alarm aren't new.

In September 2013, a clown prowling the streets of Northampton in England led to a police investigation. It later emerged that he was simply a college student on his way to cheer up a dying little girl.

And as recently as earlier this month, a gruesome-looking clown carrying black balloons terrorized Green Bay, Wis. Police said that he was harmless and that there was no law against walking around in public in a clown costume. The Green Bay case, it turned out, was a promotional stunt for a movie.

And there's persistent speculation that that could be what's behind the sightings in Greenville. Commenters on horror movie forums point out that gore movie director Rob Zombie, ex-front man of the band White Zombies, has a new movie, called "31," opening soon.

It's about a gruesome game, "the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns," according to its promotional materials — which, in fact, prominently feature clowns.

Sneak previews are Friday. One of the preview theaters is in Greenville.

Saban Films, the movie's distributor, didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
There has been another creepy clown encounter — this time in Columbus, Ohio. 
A 14-year-old boy heading to a school bus stop Tuesday morning told police he was chased by a black-clad man armed with a knife — and wearing a clown mask, police said. 
"The victim was able to get away from him by throwing a rock at him," said police spokeswoman Denise Alex-Bouzounis, who added that police are now canvassing the area in search of the suspect and keeping a close eye on the bus stop in north Columbus near where the incident occurred. 
"We don't know whether this was a prank or not, but we are taking it seriously," she said. 
Related: Reports of Creepy Clowns in Woods Spooking Residents of Greenville, S.C. 
The alleged attack on the teenager came as police down in South Carolina were investigating multiple reports of menacing clowns allegedly trying to lure children to an abandoned house in the woods. 
Alex-Bouzounis said they're aware of the South Carolina reports but said "we're investigating locally at first." 
Residents in the north Columbus neighborhood said they were rattled by the reported clown attack. 
"I did not think it was here, but it goes to show things crazy and stupid can happen everywhere," Tombi Williams, a mother of two who lives in the neighborhood, told the NBC affiliate in Columbus. 
Down south, the Greenville County Sheriff's Office had extra officers patrolling in and around the Fleetwood Manor apartment complex, where they'd gotten reports of "recent clown activity." 
Numerous residents, including some children, have told police that on Aug. 21 they saw the clowns skulking around the woods and flashing green laser lights. 
Some of the kids told investigators the clowns showed them "large amounts of money," according to an investigative report. 
But authorities found nothing suspicious in the abandoned house and have not yet cuffed any clowns. 
GREENVILLE COUNTY, SC (WSPA) – Greenville Police received a call from a concerned parent Wednesday afternoon about another clown sighting.

The caller said their daughter was walking home from Hughes Academy when she saw a clown in the woods.

They said it happened between Pleasant Valley and Hughes Middle School. Police said they searched the area and didn’t find anything. They say they are stepping up patrols.

This is the fourth sighting. FLEETWOOD MANOR APARTMENTS

The first incident happened on Sunday, August 21st, and involved kids seeing clowns in the woods bordering the Fleetwood Manor apartment complex.

The complainant stated that the clowns were holding green lasers and cash in their hands, in an attempt to lure the children into the woods.

Deputies responded to the area but were not able to substantiate the claims through evidence or video surveillance.

EMERALD COMMONS

The Sheriff’s Office received another call from a girl on Monday, August 29, about a clown sighting near Emerald Commons on White Horse Road.

The girl stated that she saw a man taking pictures of kids, and shortly after, saw a man dressed as a clown and coming out of the woods.

She said the man taking pictures of kids was riding a blue bike, and the other man was wearing a black jacket and a clown mask.

Again, deputies were unable to find any evidence to validate the claim.

Both incidents are being investigated, and the Sheriff’s Office has increased patrols in the area to ensure the safety of the public.

SHEMWOOD CROSSING

Greenville City Dispatch responded to another report of a clown sighting at Shemwood Crossing on Shemwood Lane Tuesday night.

A resident at the apartment complex confronted the clown, and the clown reportedly left in a car, according to the Greenville Police Department.

Our crew on the scene talked to a couple of residents who said they ran after the clowns after kids told them clowns were by the playground.

They say they saw the clowns drive away in a dark-colored car.

The incident happened around 9 p.m. Tuesday.

Police plan to increase patrols in this area as well.
GREENVILLE/SPARTANBURG, South Carolina  — Multiple law enforcement agencies are investigating a rash of incidents involving clown sightings at apartment complexes and other areas of Greenville and Spartanburg, South Carolina.

Both the Greenville Police Department and Greenville County Sheriff’s Office have open cases and the Spartanburg Police Department confirmed Thursday, September 1st that a clown sighting had been reported at an apartment complex there.

Captain Art Littlejohn with the Spartanburg Police Department said officers were called to Canaan Pointe Apartments Wednesday night, August 31st for reports of a suspicious person. The complainant, a woman, told officers that a person dressed as a clown was standing in her backyard. She snapped a photo and the person ran off. Littlejohn said the responding officer tried to view the photo on the woman’s phone but the image was too dark to make out.

Deputies in Greenville County said the clowns were initially seen in wooded areas, where they reportedly tried to encourage children to join them, but the situation escalated to reports that clowns were also knocking on the doors of homes.

Investigators said no conclusive photo or video evidence has surfaced and no suspects have been named in any of the incidents.

Officer Gilberto Franco with the Greenville Police Department said the biggest obstacle investigators are facing is lack of detail in the descriptions they are receiving of the clowns. Franco said that of the three reports his agency is investigating, not enough information was received about the costumes, hair colors and whether or not the suspects had on masks or painted faces.

The warning letter

FOX Carolina begin looking into the clown sightings after residents at Fleetwood Manor Apartments shared a letter they found on their apartment doors that left hem them concerned for the safety of their neighborhood.

The letters, which were reportedly posted at the apartment complex on Fleetwood Drive on August 24th, stated the property management has received complaints of a person dressed as a clown trying to “lure children into the woods.”

The letter, which appears to be printed on Fleetwood Manor Apartments letterhead, reminds the public children should never be alone or walking through the woods at night.

The property management in the letter indicates Greenville County law enforcement is conducting daily patrols of the property due to the reports. Below is the full text of the letter:

8/24/2016

To The Residents of Fleetwood Manor

There has [sic] been several conversation [sic] and a lot of complaints to the office regarding a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods. First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens [sic] safety is a top priority. At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night. Also if a person or persons are seen you are to immediately call the police. Greenville County Police Department is aware of the situation and have been riding [sic] the property daily. Remember there is a 10pm curfew for the property so to ensure your childrens [sic] safety please keep them in the house during night hours and make sure at ALL times children are supervised. Anymore information that becomes regarding this issue will be sent out to all residents.

Thank you,

Property Manager

Donna Arnold, one of the people residing at the complex who received the letter, said she called the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office to come out to Fleetwood Manor after her son and others reported seeing clowns behind the basketball court.

“I thought my child was seeing things,” Arnold said. “And then the next day I had about 30 kids come up to me and say, ‘Did you see the clown in the woods?”
Community activist Bruce Wilson said he is getting involved at the apartments to make sure children are safe, even if the sightings turn out to be harmless.

“We have about two to three hundred children out here,” Wilson said. “I want to make sure that law enforcement is doing the right thing.”

The Greenville sightings

Deputies confirmed Monday, August 29th they were called to the apartment complex on August 21st to investigate after residents reported seeing “a suspicious character, dressed in circus clown attire and white face paint, enticing kids to follow him/her into the woods.”

Investigative reports state police met with a mother, whose name was redacted, who witnessed the clowns in the woods after her son notified her of their presence. The woman told deputies the clowns were shining green laser lights in the woods.

Another resident also reported seeing a “large-figured clown with a blinking nose” standing under a street light near the trash dumpsters.

Deputies spoke with children who told them clowns tried “to persuade them into the woods further by displaying large amounts of money.” The children advised they believed the clowns lived in an old house near a pond, accessible via a trial behind the apartment complex.

The house near the pond was located, but deputies said they found no signs of suspicious activity or clowns.

According to the investigative report, deputies also received two prior calls about clowns in the area and one call about gunshots being fired at clowns.

At about 8:30 p.m. Monday, Greenville County Deputies made their way to the Emerald Commons Apartment Complex on White Horse Road after a child said he saw a man dressed in a clown costume about two hours prior.

Another clown sighting was reported at the Shemwood Apartments in Greenville shortly before 10 p.m. on Monday, according to the sheriff’s office.

A 12-year-old told deputies two clowns were sighted in the backyard area, one with red hair and another with a white mask and body suit. The juvenile also told deputies that a person was taking photographs of children.

Four deputies were sent out to patrol the area.

Both incidents at Shemwood Apartments and Fleetwood Manor are being actively investigated by the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office and patrols have been increased in the area to ensure the safety of the public.

Deputies have not been able to substantiate any claims through evidence or video surveillance, but they said they have don’t have any reason not to believe the claims.

“This type of call in particular where people are alleging that the clowns are being used to lure children, of course we are going to take that seriously,” Greenville County deputy Ryan Flood said.

On Tuesday night, the Greenville Police Department reportedly received two new calls about clown sightings at Shemwood Apartments, within hours of each other.

Callers said kids started chasing two clowns through the complex before the clowns ran to a wooden fence and broke through it to get away. One clown was waiting in a car and the other two clowns jumped in and they took off. Witnesses said the car appeared to be a newer-model black Honda.

The children told officers one clown had a red nose and red hair but no face paint.

On Wednesday, August 31st, police said a young girl walking home from school reported seeing a clown in the wooded area by Hughes Academy in the Pleasant Valley area. Officers are en route to investigate near Rice Street and Deoyley Avenue.

Evan said his football practice was canceled, so he got home earlier than normal. The boy said he called his mother after the clown encounter. His mother then called police.

“My mama told me that she called the cops and I knew she wasn’t playing and I’m being serious about this,” Evan said. “I’m not gonna joke around about something like this. This is serious.”

The investigation

Officer Gilberto Franco with the Greenville Police Department said Wednesday that there were still many unknown variables.

“(Investigators don’t know) if there’s any ill intent towards it, or if it’s just somebody that is out there causing a disturbance,” Franco said.

Franco admits, officers have never received reports quite like these, but if it turns out that masked men are behind it, they could face charges.

“It’s unlawful for you to wear a mask in public whether it’s a mask itself or conceal your face while you’re out in public,” Franco said.

Police are also encouraging parents to be extra cautious until the situation is resolved.

“We want to make sure parents are still remain vigilant and to make sure you keep track of your children playing, don’t leave them playing isolated.”

The community impact

Community activist Bruce Wilson, founder of Fighting Injustice Together, is calling for the clown terror to stop “before someone gets hurt.”

“We plan to publicly ask whoever is behind this senseless action of scaring child to stop before someone gets hurt,” Wilson stated. “We will also be asking law enforcement, both Greenville city police and Greenville County Sheriff’s Office, to increase patrols in these neighborhoods and to ensure that officers do not simply sit in patrol cars but actually walking the perimeter of these apartment complexes.”

Clown performers weigh in

FOX Carolina also reached to Upstate party clowns for their take on the situation.

Kelly Montfort owns Over the Top Entertainment. He’s better known at birthday parties and special events as Mr. Twister.

Montfort said his clown antics are only aimed at making people happy and is concerned that the clown sightings in Greenville may be bad for business.

“”I am terrified of that actually,” Montfort said. “I truly hope it’s being made up. I truly hope there is not a psychopath that is going after kids, and if there is, I hope that someone catches them.”

Montfort suspects the clown sightings are not part of a sinister plot but rather part of a marketing strategy.

“I believe there is a chance that it could be a big publicity stunt for someone, a haunted house or some sort of production that will be coming in the next few months,” Montfort said.
Either a creepy clown has broken from the pack — or there’s a brand new one.

A 14-year-old Columbus, Ohio boy on his way to school Tuesday morning was chased by a black-clad man wielding a knife and wearing a clown mask, NBC News reported. 

The petrified boy was able to get away from the freak by hurling a rock at him and running to a bus stop, police said, noting that officers were canvassing the area Thursday afternoon.

The boy got to school and immediately reported the incident to his teachers but no arrests had been made as of Friday morning. “We don’t know whether this was a prank or not, but we are taking it seriously,” Columbus police spokeswoman Denise Alex-Bouzounis said.

The freaky incident comes mere days after police were alerted of a mischievous band of clowns reportedly luring children into an abandoned house behind an apartment complex in Greenville, South Carolina.

No arrests have been made in that disturbing incident either. A letter allegedly sent from the Greenville apartment complex’ property manager warned residents to keep a close eye on their kids. “At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night,” the letter reads.

Alex-Bouzounis said Columbus police are aware of the reports of menacing clowns across the country but will focus on investigating the Tuesday’s incident locally. 
Clowns, terrifying to Bart Simpson and anyone who ever saw or read Stephen King's "It," are becoming a serious problem in South Carolina.

Multiple clown sightings have been reported since a Greenville, S.C. apartment complex warned residents about a person or persons trying to "lure children into the woods." The property manager at Fleetwood Manor Apartments urged all parents not to let their kids wander unsupervised, especially at night.

Fox Carolina reports the Greenville Police Department and Greenville and Greenville County Sheriff's Office have open cases, but now the fear has spread to other areas over the past week, including in Spartanburg 30 miles away.

According to the TV station, the Spartanburg Police Department confirmed it received reports of a suspicious person dressed as a clown in a woman's backyard Wednesday night at Canaan Pointe Apartments. She told officers she tried to take a photo with her phone, but the image was too dark to help with the case.

Authorities in Greenville County say some have reported clowns knocking on doors, but no photo or video evidence has emerged. No suspects have been named, either, leading some to wonder if it's all an elaborate prank.

"It's too early to confirm if this is just a hoax or if it's someone with ill intent," Greenville police officer Gilberto Franco told CNN. "This is a little strange because this has to do with clowns. But it's just like any other suspicious person call. We take it seriously. We want to make sure everyone is safe, especially the kids."

Franco said one obstacle is a lack of detail in descriptions of the clowns. Three reports under investigation didn't include enough information about costumes, hair colors and whether or not the suspect(s) had masks or face paint.

According to Fox Carolina, one report Aug. 21 only described a suspect as having "circus clown attire and white face paint." Another Greenville resident described a "large-figured clown with a blinking nose." Earlier this week, a 12-year-old named Evan told sheriff's deputies there were two clowns -- one with red hair, another with a white mask -- outside Shemwood Apartments in Greenville, taking photos of children.

But every time authorities arrive to investigate, no suspects are found. Children in Greenville said they believed the clowns were coming from an abandoned house near a pond, but there was no evidence anyone had been occupying it.

"The clowning around needs to stop," Greenville police chief Ken Miller told CBS News Thursday. "It's illegal, it's dangerous, it's inappropriate, it's creating community concern."

The New York Times reports sightings of a clown named Gags in Green Bay, Wisconsin, caused a scare several weeks ago. Actor C.J. Guzan said it was a viral marketing stunt for a movie, but had to stop when residents started arming themselves and preparing to take matters into their own hands.

On Tuesday night, Greenville Police received reports of kids chasing two clowns through the Shemwood Apartment complex. Witnesses said the suspects broke through a wooden fence and got into a car that looked like a black Honda, driven by another clown, and took off.

Evan said he told his mother about it and she called the police.

"My mama told me that she called the cops and I knew she wasn't playing and I'm being serious about this," the boy said. "I'm not gonna joke around about something like this. This is serious."
Law Enforcement officials in South Carolina are investigating a number of incidents involving creepy clown sightings near an apartment complex and other areas of Greenville and Spartanburg counties, according to Fox Cleveland. A woman called the local police to report a suspicious person dressed as a clown standing in her backyard on Wednesday, and there have since been other similar reports in the area. Authorities have no conclusive evidence of the sightings and have not named any suspects.

Read on to learn more about the South Carolina clown sightings. 1. There Have Been Six Reports in the Last Week of Creepy Clown Sightings in Greenville, South Carolina. Over the past week, there have been six reports of creepy clown sightings in Greenville, South Carolina. Most of the complaints come from residents in an apartment complex in Greenville who state that men or women with white-painted faces have mysteriously showed up in the woods behind the complex.

Police first heard about the clown sightings on August 20th, after an anonymous caller to “report a suspicious character…” That same evening, another caller said they heard gunshots near the apartment complex. Master Deputy Drew Pinciaro of the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office told People, “There were allegations that they had seen these clowns with guns, but our investigators responded and didn’t find any shell casings or anything like that. At this point we have not found any information or evidence to corroborate anything. I am not saying it is not true, but we haven’t found any evidence yet.”
2. People Dressed as Clowns Reportedly Tried to Lure Children Into the Woods With Money In Greenville, children told police that the clowns “tried to persuade them into the woods by displaying large amounts of money.”

The official letter sent to residents of Fleetwood Manor in South Carolina reads:

There has [sic] been several conversation [sic] and a lot of complaints to the office regarding a clown or a person dressed in clown clothing taking children or trying to lure children in the woods. First and foremost at Fleetwood Manor Apartments childrens [sic] safety is a top priority. At no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night. Also if a person or persons are seen you are to immediately call the police. Greenville County Police Department is aware of the situation and have been riding [sic] the property daily. Remember there is a 10pm curfew for the property so to ensure your childrens [sic] safety please keep them in the house during night hours and make sure at ALL times children are supervised. Anymore information that becomes regarding this issue will be sent out to all residents.

According to Fox 8 Cleveland, a woman named Donna Arnold said her son and others reported seeing clowns behind a basketball court. “I thought my child was seeing things. And then the next day I had about 30 kids come up to me and say, ‘Did you see the clown in the woods?’”


3. A Clown Attacked a 14-year-old Ohio Boy On Tuesday On Tuesday, a 14-year-old boy from Columbus, Ohio, was chased by a man holding a knife and wearing a clown mask, according to NBC. The boy was walking to his school bus stop on Tuesday morning when he was pursued by the man or woman dressed as a clown. Police spokeswoman Denise Alex Bouzounis said the victim was able to escape by throwing a rock at the assailant. “We don’t know whether this was a prank or not, but we are taking it seriously,” she said.

Though police in Ohio are well aware of the reports in South Carolina, they are investigating the incident locally, first.


4. Children Believe the Clowns Live in a House Near a Pond At the End of a Hiking Trail According to People, one resident of the Greenville community told authorities she saw a large figure with a blinking clown nose standing under a post light near a dumpster. When the suspect waved at her, she reportedly waved back, and the suspect didn’t approach or harm her.

Several children, “told the deputy that clowns had approached them behind one of the apartment buildings…” The news outlet goes on to write, “The children said the clowns lived in a house near a pond at the end of a hiking trail… The deputy found the house, but ‘there were no signs of suspicious activity or characters dressed in clown attire.'”


5. The Chief of Police Has Sent Out a Warning According to People, the chief of police in Greenville, Ken Miller, has sent out a warning to those who are dressing up as clowns, saying they will face arrest for causing widespread panic.

In a press briefing on Thursday, Miller said, “The clowning around needs to stop. It’s illegal, it’s dangerous, it’s inappropriate, it’s creating community concern.”
GREENVILLE CO., S.C. (WSPA) – The Greenville Police and Greenville Co. Sheriff’s Office held a news conference Thursday to address the recent clown sightings.

There have been seven sightings in the Upstate as off Thursday evening.

They say there are different descriptions of the clowns.

RELATED: Children claim clowns tried to lure them to woods

They don’t know if there are on or two people doing it repetitively or if there are multiple people.

They don’t know if it’s connected to the upcoming movie “31” or if someone is “Somewhat politely terrorizing” the community.

Police said a person can be charged for causing a disruption and causing fear in the community.

They say Greenville City ordinance prohibits harassment of individuals (see Sec. 24-32 for “Molesting, disturbing, or following persons”) and State law applies to publicly concealing identity (see Section 16-7-110 for “Wearing masks and the like”). Additional laws may apply, depending upon the specific circumstances of each case.

In the incidents in Greenville City, there has been no indication of any attempt to contact or lure children into the woods, according to Greenville Police.

They are advising people to not dress in clown outfits.

RELATED: VIDEO: Person dressed as clown caught on camera walking streets at night

CANAAN POINT APARTMENTS – SPARTANBURG

Police responded to a suspicious person call Wednesday night around 10:25 at Canaan Pointe Apartments in Spartanburg.

The caller said the person was dressed as a clown and was standing in her backyard.

She said she took a picture of the clown and he ran away.

Police say the photo was too dark to make out an image.

Police weren’t able to find the clown.

They say they will continue to follow up on this incident and encourage anyone that may have seen a suspicious person in the area to them.

This is the first sighting in Spartanburg.

GREENVILLE

Greenville Police received a call from a concerned parent on August 31 about another clown sighting.

The caller said their daughter was walking home from Hughes Academy when she saw a clown in the woods.

They said it happened on Deoyley Ave.

A witness said the person was dressed in black and wearing a clown mask walking toward the backyard of a home.

Police said they searched the area and didn’t find anything. They say they are stepping up patrols.

PARK HAYWOOD APARTMENTS

Greenville Police says they got another call about a suspicious person at the Park Haywood Apartments on Congaree Rd. on Wednesday.

The woman said she saw a man dressed as a clown standing and starring at her while she was in the laundry mat around 5:20 p.m.

She said he just stood there and didn’t say anything.

She left, but he didn’t follow her. She then called the apartment manager.

She said the clown was 35 – 45-years old, 5’10” and slightly overweight (190 – 210 lbs).

He was clean shaven and had dark eyes.

He was wearing a white swimmer’s cap with neon or red hair coming out of the sides; white face paint with a black painted line starting between his eyebrows and ending at his upper lip.

He was also wearing a gray long sleeve t-shirt and white gloves.

His pants were described as white and “balloon” pants.

She said he smelled like house paint.

FLEETWOOD MANOR APARTMENTS

The first incident happened on Sunday, August 21st, and involved kids seeing clowns in the woods bordering the Fleetwood Manor apartment complex.

The complainant stated that the clowns were holding green lasers and cash in their hands, in an attempt to lure the children into the woods.

Deputies responded to the area but were not able to substantiate the claims through evidence or video surveillance.

EMERALD COMMONS

The Sheriff’s Office received another call from a young girl on Monday, August 29th, about a clown sighting near Emerald Commons on White Horse Road.

The girl stated that she saw a man taking pictures of kids, and shortly after, saw a man dressed as a clown and coming out of the woods.

She said the man taking pictures of kids was riding on a blue bike, and the other man was wearing a black jacket and a clown mask.

Again, deputies were unable to find any evidence to validate the claim.

Both incidents are being investigated, and the Sheriff’s Office has increased patrols in the area to ensure the safety of the public.

SHEMWOOD CROSSING

Greenville City Dispatch responded to another report of a clown sighting at Shemwood Crossing on Shemwood Lane Tuesday night.

A resident at the apartment complex confronted the clown, and the clown reportedly left in a car, according to the Greenville Police Department.

Our crew on the scene talked to a couple of residents who said they ran after the clowns after kids told them clowns were by the playground.

They say they saw the clowns drive away in a dark-colored car.

The incident happened around 9:00 p.m. Tuesday.

Police plan to increase patrols in this area as well.
he creepy clown sightings that have terrified South Carolina residents have now expanded north. Other costumed characters were reportedly seen on the side of a road in a rain poncho and staring silently at a woman outside a laundromat.

Greenville Police Chief Ken Miller said at a press conference last week that the clowns could face charges because in South Carolina it is illegal for anyone over 16 to wear a mask or any device that conceals their identity. “We will charge you,” he said, according to WHNS. “We really don't want to, but we will.”’

Miller added that the incidents may be some sort of viral marketing for “31,” and upcoming movie about killer clowns from heavy metal rocker Rob Zombie. In addition to the Carolina incidents, a 14-year-old in Ohio said he was chased by a knife-wielding man in a clown mask while he was on his way to school last Tuesday.

Police in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, said that one clown was seen trying to lure children into the forest with treats, and another was seen in a separate wooded areas nearby on Sunday night.

No clowns were found when officers responded to the scenes, though police said that they would add extra patrols in the neighborhood where the children saw the “suspicious person.”

The Winston-Salem scares come after at least eight clown sightings in South Carolina, with one child near Greenville saying that multiple clowns near his house were “whispering and making strange noises.”
This is where clown sighting was reported. @cityofwspolice say he used treats to try & lure kids into woods @myfox8 jmh @jmh33010920  6 Sep 2016 
 
More
Replying to @WRALSarah 
if this is indeed correct, there isn't anything worse in a civilized society than the attempt to lure children into abuse.
0 replies 
1 retweet 
2 likes 
 
Reply
 
Retweet
1 

Like
2 

Wisconservative @CarterFliptMe  5 Sep 2016 
 
More
Replying to @WRALSarah @cityofwspolice @myfox8 
These clown stories  don't ring true to me. I think they're bogus.
1 reply 
0 retweets 
1 like 
 
Reply
1  
Retweet

Like
1 
1 more reply


herbertsnow @herbertsnow  5 Sep 2016 
 
More
Replying to @WRALSarah @cityofwspolice @myfox8 
Pennywise lives
0 replies 
0 retweets 
1 like 
 
Reply
 
Retweet

Like
1 

Fr. Rick Danielson @Father_RickD  5 Sep 2016 
 
More
Replying to @WRALSarah 
@AlexRoseNews @cityofwspolice @myfox8 Terrifying! Find this creep before he,(she?) hurts someone!
0 replies 
0 retweets 
0 likes 
 
Reply
 
Retweet

Like

jo @spik11341  6 Sep 2016 
 
More
Replying to @WRALSarah @cityofwspolice @myfox8 
So bait IT with kids and then blow his fuckin head off
0 replies 
0 retweets 
0 likes 
 
Reply
 
Retweet

Like

Enki @Enki_Enlil  5 Sep 2016 
 
More
Replying to @WRALSarah @cityofwspolice @myfox8 
Ask your brother, Sarah.
Police say they are doing extra patrols in a Winston-Salem neighborhood after two children reported seeing a clown trying to lure kids into the woods with treats. Police said in a news release that officers were called to the area around 8:30 p.m. Sunday.

The suspect allegedly tried to lure the kids with treats. The suspect was reportedly seen by two children and heard, but not seen, by one adult. The suspect fled the area when officers arrived. The "clown" was described as wearing white overalls, white gloves, red shoes with red bushy hair, a white face and a red nose.

About four hours later, a caller who refused to give a name reported another sighting about 2 miles away. Police say again they found no evidence of a clown.
Several unverified clown sightings in northern South Carolina have been in the news recently.

In the Greenville area, multiple law enforcement agencies are investigating a rash of incidents involving clown sightings at apartment complexes and other areas of Greenville and Spartanburg counties according to FoxCarolina.com.
Deputies in Greenville County said the clowns were initially seen in wooded areas, where they allegedly tried to entice children to join them, but sightings have now increased with reports that clowns were also knocking on the doors of homes.
Investigators said no conclusive photo or video evidence has surfaced.

New of the sighting became public after Fox Carolina received a letter that was sent out to residents at the Fleetwood Manor Apartments on August 24th.
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. -- Claims of creepy clowns trying to lure kids have expanded into a second state. In reports eerily similar to recent clown sightings that have garnered the national spotlight near Greenville, South Carolina, two children have reported seeing a clown trying to lure kids into the woods with treats about 175 miles to the northeast in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Just like investigators in their neighboring state to the south, police in Winston-Salem have stepped up patrols, but haven’t been able to substantiate any of the reports.

In the most recent incident, police said in a news release that officers were called to the area around 8:30 p.m. Sunday.

Authorities say two North Carolina children said they saw the clown, and one adult reported hearing the clown. According to the two kids, the clown was wearing white overalls, white gloves, and red shoes and had red bushy hair, a white face, and a red nose, according to CBS affiliate WFMY. They told police he offered them treats like candy if they would come into the woods.

Officers say they found no evidence of a clown in the woods.

About four hours later, a caller who refused to give a name reported seeing a clown about two miles away. Police say they found no evidence of a clown in that incident either.

Police in South Carolina have tallied six similar sightings so far. In the first incident, reported Aug. 21, a police report described a “suspicious character ... dressed in circus clown attire and white face paint, enticing kids to follow him/her into the woods.”

A woman told a responding deputy that her son had “seen clowns in the woods whispering and making strange noises.” Since then, more reports of clown sightings have cropped up. Several children in the area told police clowns had displayed “large amounts of money” in an attempt to lure them into the woods. The children said they believed the clowns lived in “a house located near a pond at the end of a man-made trail in the woods,” according to the police report, but investigators say they have found the house to be abandoned.

So far, police have turned up no evidence to substantiate the claims.

Police in North Carolina say they are aware of the similar reports in South Carolina, reports CBS affiliate WSPA.​ Monday, police were back in the area conducting door-to-door investigations in Winston-Salem.

Law enforcement officials in South Carolina have spoken out to whoever is behind the sightings, warning them that they could be prosecuted.

“The clowning around needs to stop,”​ said Greenville police chief Ken Miller at a press conference Thursday. “It’s illegal, it’s dangerous, it’s inappropriate, it’s creating community concern.”
The latest clown to be spotted was chased back into the forest by a North Carolina man with a machete, police said on Tuesday. Yet another clown spotted on the edge of a forest has police officials calling on people to stop it. On Tuesday, a clown was reportedly seen at the edge of the woods in Greensboro, North Carolina, following recent reports of a clown allegedly trying to lure kids in Winston-Salem and South Carolina’s Greenville.Police said a witness called in to report seeing someone wearing a scary clown mask, red curly wig, yellow dotted shirt, and blue pants and shoes leaving the woods near an apartment complex. Another man with a machete also chased the clown back into the forest, but officers were unable to find anyone matching the description. Chris Bass told FOX8 he lives at the complex with his wife and two children. He said he was on his balcony when he saw the clown and grabbed a machete to chase after it. He said it was his “fatherly instinct.” The sighting came two days after two children in Winston-Salem told police that a clown tried to lure them into the woods with treats. A second sighting was reported that night about 2 miles away. On Monday night, a woman reported a clown wielding a machete tried to lure her into the woods on the outskirts of Winston-Salem. The Forsyth County Sheriff’s Office said Tuesday that the woman described the clown as having red bushy hair and a red nose, black gloves, a black tie, and white shoes, FOX8 reported. The story from the two kids was similar to a report last week in Greenville of a clown talking to children near an apartment complex. No children were involved in the Greensboro incident.
Citing the “heightened tensions” from the recent reports, Greensboro authorities discouraged anyone from participating in any “copycat behavior,” saying it would only unnecessarily increase public alarm and drain police resources.
There have been more clowns in more cities spotted lurking in the woods.

Police in the Carolinas have received more than a dozen reports in the last month from people claiming clowns, some with white-painted faces, were acting strangely in the area – at least once attempting to lure kids into the woods with money.

The reports have fueled speculation that the sightings could be a hoax, or possibly even morbid fans trying to promote the 2017 movie release of Stephen King’s It, about an evil clown known as Pennywise that terrorized a group of young boys.

One local TV station wondered if Rob Zombie’s upcoming film, about a group of kidnapped carnival workers, might be involved in guerrilla marketing – but the distributor said they were not. “If this is a hoax or publicity stunt it is not funny,” Greensboro police spokeswoman Susan Danielsen tells PEOPLE. “It is alarming to the public and a drain on police resources. We just don’t know at this point, because we haven’t had the chance to interview any clowns.”

The latest sighting occurred on Tuesday, when a man brandishing a machete chased a clown into the woods near an apartment complex in Greensboro, North Carolina, police said.

The person, who was wearing a scary clown mask, red curly wig, yellow dotted shirt, blue clown pants and clown shoes, ran back into the woods and disappeared from view, according to police.

“We don’t know why he was there or what he was doing there,” Danielsen says. She says officers scoured the area, but couldn’t find anyone.

While it’s not illegal to dress as a clown in Greensboro, Danielsen says the city has an ordinance that prohibits people from wearing a mask within city limits.

The police department, she says, is also discouraging “copycat behavior.”

• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.

Authorities in Greenville, South Carolina, have had more than 10 clown sightings since August.

In one case, a delivery driver told the Greenville County Sheriff’s Office that he saw a man wearing a clown mask dressed in a clear poncho near Piedmont Park on Sept. 2, Master Deputy Drew Pinciaro tells PEOPLE. When he noticed the truck, the man in the clown suit ran quickly into the woods.



The same day, officers responded to two more calls about clown sightings but again found no evidence of the creepy characters, Pinciaro says. One witness claimed they saw a person dressed in a clown suit standing in the middle of the road with his hands up in the air. The other caller allegedly saw a person dressed in a clown costume and wearing an orange wig walking along the side of the road.

Two days later, on Sept. 4, a 50-year-old woman told police that four men dressed as clowns followed her home in a black car, Pinciaro says. One of the men waved at her before driving off.

In August, several residents at an apartment complex in Greenville, reported seeing clowns lurking in the nearby woods.

According to a Greenville County Sheriff’s Office incident report obtained by PEOPLE, a deputy spoke to a woman on Aug. 21 who claimed her son had seen clowns in the woods, whispering and making noises, and when she went over to check, she saw several clowns flashing green laser lights in the woods before they ran off.

Another resident told the deputy that she’d been walking home to her apartment hours before, at 2:30 a.m., and saw a “large-figured clown with a blinking nose, standing under a post light near the garbage dumpster area,” according to the incident report.

According to the report, several children also told the deputy that clowns had approached them behind one of the apartment buildings and tried to lure them into the woods “by displaying large amounts of money.”

The children said the clowns lived in a house near a pond at the end of a hiking trail, according to the report. The deputy found the house, but “there were no signs of suspicious activity or characters dressed in clown attire,” according to the report. “To this date, we have not identified any of the alleged clowns,” Pinciaro tells PEOPLE. “We have not received any hard evidence to substantiate these claims.”

Greenville Police Chief Ken Miller said last week that “the clowning around needs to stop.”

“It’s illegal, it’s dangerous, it’s inappropriate, it’s creating community concern,” he said.

Miller said the reported clown sightings have included various descriptions, with differences in both race and costume, and that at that point police had found no evidence supporting the sightings.

On Sept. 4, residents in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, reportedly saw a clown attempting to entice kids into the woods with treats, the Associated Press reports.

Police said two children saw the clown, and an adult heard the clown, according to the news agency.

Police responded to the area but found no signs of the creepy character, who was seen wearing white overalls, white gloves, red shoes with red bushy hair, a white face and a red nose, according to the AP.
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — Creepy clowns have been making headlines across the south lately, and now it seems they have arrived in the Port City.

Fear is running through the minds of folks at Tidewater Town Homes as reports of clowns lurking in the woods  have folks afraid to stay out after sundown and children afraid of sleeping in their own beds.

“He had white hair and white make up on,” said Calvin Allen, who saw the clown earlier this week. “They just kept standing there, staring at us. And we kept screaming ‘Who is that?’ and they wouldn’t say nothing. They just stared at us, looking at us and all that. So it’s kinda creepy.”

It is that creepy image that has residents on edge.

“And I’m also scared to sleep beside my window because you never know if they might have a light or come and look out your window while I’m asleep,” Anesha Jackson, 12, said.

And for those who think this is a hoax, one woman said they found candies and clown foot prints in the woods. Neighbors said they’re hoping the clown problem is resolved quickly before the situation becomes any more serious.
Police say a person dressed as a clown disappeared into the woods after being chased by a man wielding a machete on Tuesday -- the third incident involving a clown in as many days in the Greensboro, North Carolina area.

The North Carolina incidents come after multiple reports of clowns attempting to lure kids into the woods in South Carolina last week.

A "local witness reported that a person wearing a scary clown mask, red curly wig, yellow dotted shirt, blue clown pants and clown shoes exited the woods," near an apartment complex, Greensboro police said in a statement. "Upon seeing the clown, another witness -- an adult male -- ran after it yielding a machete. The clown ran back into the woods and disappeared from view."

Tuesday's incident comes on the heels of complaints Sunday of a clown trying to lure kids into the woods in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. A second sighting took place nearby later that same evening, reports WTVD, a local ABC affiliate.

Similar to what witnesses told police last week in South Carolina, the suspect in Sunday's incident in North Carolina allegedly tried to lure the kids with treats. The suspect was reportedly seen by two children and heard, but not seen, by one adult. The suspect fled the area when officers arrived, WTVD reported.

The "clown" had on white overalls, white gloves, red shoes with red bushy hair, a white face and a red nose, witnesses told police.

A second clown sighting happened just after midnight two miles from the first sighting. Officers attempted to locate the subject but were unsuccessful.

All three spots where clowns were reported are in very residential areas near parks/woods, WTVD said.

Greensboro police warned people after the incidents that "although it is lawful to dress as a clown, given the heightened tensions about these entertainers, officials are discouraging 'copycat' behavior by individuals who may find it humorous to mimic suspicious behavior."

The police also said that the recent scares present an opportunity to talk with their children about how to avoid dangerous situations when dealing with strangers in public.

"Parents should tell children never go anywhere with a stranger, even if it sounds like fun," the police said.
GUILFORD COUNTY, N.C. - Three more creepy clown sightings have been reported in the Piedmont Triad region of North Carolina.

The first occurred in Forsyth County around 11 p.m. on Monday. A woman reported a clown wielding a machete tried to lure her into the woods near Phelps Drive and Morrell Road near Walkertown, according to Forsyth County Chief Deputy Brad Stanley.

The woman said the male clown had red bushy hair and a red nose, and was wearing black gloves, a black tie and white shoes, Stanley said.

The second sighting happened in High Point, where a student reported seeing a man dressed as a clown on the High Point Greenway near Andrews High School Tuesday morning, High Point police Capt. Mike Kirk confirmed to the High Point Enterprise.

The third incident was reported in Greensboro at The Park at Oakridge apartments off Old Oak Ridge Road not far from Interstate 73. A man said he saw a clown near the wooded area behind the complex at about 10 a.m.

Chris Bass told WGHP he lives at the complex with his wife and two children. He was on his balcony when he spotted a man in a white mask, red curly hair, yellow dotted shirt, blue clown pants and clown shoes in the wooded area. Bass tried to chase the clown but could not catch him. He called his actions his "fatherly instinct."

In a news release from the Greensboro Police Department, officials said it is lawful to dress as a clown, but "given the heightened tensions about these entertainers," they are "discouraging copycat behavior by individuals who may find it humorous to mimic the suspicious behavior that has parents on edge." “Copycats” unnecessarily alarm the public, and place an unnecessary drain on police resources, officials said.

It is unclear if the three sightings are related to two other sightings in Forsyth County.

All if the reports come after multiple sightings in recent days in South Carolina.

Anyone who might have any leads on who the suspect might be can call CrimeStoppers at (336) 727-2800.

Greensboro police encourage parents to use the latest clown sighting as an opportunity to talk with their children about strangers and how to avoid a potentially dangerous situation. Parents should tell children never go anywhere with a stranger, even if it sounds like fun. Instead, children should run away and scream if someone follows them or tries to entice them to go to another location.
Okay, this is seriously disturbing: Multiple people in North and South Carolina have reported creepy clown sightings in their neighborhoods.

Last week, multiple children and adults reported seeing disturbing clowns in the woods near their apartment complexes (Emerald Commons and Fleetwood Manor) in Greenville County, S.C, according to WYFF News 4. And the week prior, authorities conducted an investigation after two calls were made about a clown trying to lure children into the woods. One woman’s son reportedly saw multiple clowns in the woods “whispering and making strange noises,” flashing green laser lights. Another resident in Greenville County told authorities a clown with a blinking nose waved to her, while standing under a lamppost near a dumpster, around 2:30 a.m.

But it gets weirder: This week, the sightings spread to North Carolina, too. On Tuesday, a witness in Greensboro, N.C. called police after they saw someone in a “scary clown mask, red curly wig, yellow dotted shirt, blue clown pants, and clown shoes,” leaving the woods, according to a Greensboro police statement. Another witness ran after the clown with a machete in hand, until the clown retreated into the woods.

And on Wednesday, a 17-year-old girl on her way to school in Greensboro spotted a clown walking through the woods, and reported it to the High Point Police Department — the eighth suspicious report the department received since August 20, according to the Greensboro News & Record.
Although when police responded to the machete incident — and all others, for that matter — they couldn’t find a clown or any related evidence, it was enough for authorities to encourage residents to continue reporting suspicious clown-like behavior, and warn people against dressing the part. “Although it is lawful to dress as a clown, given the heightened tensions about these entertainers, officials are discouraging ‘copycat’ behavior by individuals who may find it humorous to mimic suspicious behavior,” the Greensboro police statement noted. “Copycats unnecessarily alarm the public and place an unnecessary drain on police resources.”

Police in Greenville, S.C. similarly warned residents that there will be consequences for clowning around. Greenville Police Chief Ken Miller stated in a news conference last week that anyone found dressed as a clown will be arrested and charged. “It’s illegal. It’s dangerous. It’s inappropriate, and it’s creating community concern so it needs to stop,” he said, as reported by Greenville Online.

Given the lack of actual evidence, the entire thing remains shrouded in mystery and concern — though some people have speculated it’s all just one elaborate hoax, or a marketing ploy for the new creepy carnival, Rob Zombie film, 31, which opened in theaters last week. In fact, similar sightings in Green Bay, Wisc. last month proved to be just that, but for a different horror film.
Plenty of people already find clowns super creepy, and this certainly isn’t helping, especially for the legit clowns just trying to make it in the goofy entertainment realm. David McCullough, whose professional persona is Kornpop the Klown, expressed his dismay at the effect all of this will have on his reputation, in an email to The Washington Post: “I have worked very hard all of my life to be a person that kids and their parents respect and can look up to.”
Two movie production companies said they are not responsible for the recent rash of creepy clown sightings in North Carolina and South Carolina.
Clowns have been spotted in Greensboro, North Carolina where a resident chased one with a machete, and in Greenville, South Carolina police say clowns tried to lure children into the woods with candy.

Although no children have been hurt, psychologist Dr. J. Buzz Von Ornsteiner explains, damage may already be done.

“You’re seeing something that you’re not accustomed to seeing and it jolts us, and it is frightening," Ornsteiner said. "It’s frightening not only for children but adults as well."

Brooklyn performance artist Brian Whiteley has posed as a clown as part of previous projects.

Whitely told PIX11 he was contacted by people shortly before the clown sightings in the South began.

“Leading up to this I did receive a call that I thought was weird, and a website that seemed to suggest ideas of the occult and satanic ritual,” Whiteley said.

He stopped communication with the group. “It crosses the line,” he said, “when, for example with South Carolina, you see these clowns inviting kids into the woods, that to me is the beginning of a serious threat.”
I don't know if this is real or fake. I didn't take this video or the pictures. A friend of my son sent these to him. I am not saying this is real. I don't know if this is a creepy man or woman or teen. I don't know if this is a person playing a prank. All I'm saying is there are news reports everywhere warning about this. I am simply saying to be careful and be cautious and lookout. That's all.
LAGRANGE, Ga. - Police in west Georgia say they've received several calls about clowns trying to talk to children and are investigating an online threat to abduct children from local schools.

LaGrange police said in a statement that officers will file charges if appropriate.
LaGrange police Lt. Dale Strickland tells WXIA-TV someone started a Facebook page threatening to dress like a clown and drive a white van to five local schools and abduct children. He said police are working to track down the person who posted those threats. It all comes after a series of reports of clowns lurking around children in other states. Authorities have determined some of those cases are unfounded. This month, police in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, arrested a man they say filed a false report of a clown sighting.
Sightings of men in clown costumes trying to tempt kids into the woods or standing in a sinister manner beneath streetlights have been reported across four states AN epidemic of creepy clowns attempting to abduct children is sweeping across the southern USA.

Sightings of men in clown costumes trying to tempt kids into the woods or standing in a sinister manner beneath streetlights have been reported across four states. Most recently police in west Georgia said they received numerous calls about clowns trying tot talk to kids.

They were also investigating a reported Facebook threat to kidnap children from numerous schools in the LaGrange area.

Callaway Elementary, Franklin Forrest Elementary, Callaway Middle School, Troup High School, and Callaway High School were all reportedly named in the threat.

The police department posted a message on Facebook: “This behavior is not cute or funny… if applicable, you may face charges.”
HOGANSVILLE, Ga. — Police in west Georgia say they’ve charged two people with making false police reports after they say the pair called 911 to report that people dressed as clowns were trying to lure children into a white van.

Troup County Sheriff James Woodruff says 26-year-old Brandon Moody of LaGrange, Georgia, and 27-year-old Rebecca Moody of Valley, Alabama, made separate 911 calls Wednesday.
Woodruff tells The LaGrange Daily News deputies responded, found two people in a white van who had run out of gas, and found no clown masks or costumes. Woodruff says the 911 callers acknowledged the report was a hoax. About 10 miles away in LaGrange, police have been investigating after someone started a Facebook page threatening to dress like a clown and drive a white van to local schools and abduct children.
The clown has been unmasked.

Georgia officials busted two teens for menacingly masquerading around town in a clown mask, spooking locals as several southern states deal with a rash of bizarre, mysterious bozo sightings.

Christopher Hayes and Joshua Hadden Jr., both 18, told McDuffie County deputies their dress-up game was supposed to be harmless fun.

“They wanted to scare people and have fun, that’s what they said,” Chief Deputy Major Ronnie Williamson told the Daily News Friday. “We did not think this case was of malicious intent.” The teenage boys were charged with disorderly conduct after a passerby spotted the duo driving into a Walmart parking lot late Thursday. Hayes was behind the wheel and Hadden was in the clown mask, witnesses said.

The teens initially denied they knew anything about a clown mask, but after further questioning eventually admitted they were on a strange quest to spook people, according to a police report. The pair faces misdemeanor charges, and the two are due to appear in court next month. They could face a fine or possible probation for the kooky stunt, Williamson said.

“You have to wonder why? Why would someone dress up like a clown and stand on the side of the road at 2 a.m.?” Williamson asked. It’s not clear if Hayes and Hadden were behind two clown sightings in McDuffie County earlier this week. Late Sunday night, someone reported seeing a clown lurking near an interstate. On Tuesday, a clown allegedly chased children near a school bus stop.
Clowns have been spotted across the South — including parts of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina — in recent weeks. Some frantic callers have said the jokers have tried to lure children into the woods or even abduct people.
The panic has also lead to false clown reports. On Thursday, deputies in Troup County, Ga. — about 150 miles southwest of McDuffie County — arrested two people who allegedly called 911 to report a clown luring kids into a van.
Two people in Georgia — a 26-year-old man and his 27-year-old sister-in-law — landed themselves in jail on Thursday for allegedly calling 9-1-1 and making false claims that they had seen two clowns trying to lure children into a white van.
Normally, a stay in jail might sound too strict for an obvious, if misguided, prank call. But these are not normal times.

Reports of creepy clown sightings — often at the edge of the woods, and almost always trying to lure children into the forest with promises of cash or candy — have spread throughout the nation, driving citizens to arm themselves and leaving police departments baffled.

Over the summer, police stations in six states — South Carolina, North Carolina, Ohio, Florida, Wisconsin, and now Georgia — received dozens of calls reporting what the internet is calling “creepy clowns.”

On September 9, in Dublin, Georgia, someone blamed a car crash on the driver swerving to avoid a clown (police believe speed and alcohol played a role). On Thursday morning, multiple schools in Escambia County, Alabama, were put on lockdown after an elementary school received a suspicious call related to “Flomo Klowns.” A disturbing Facebook page for the group said they’re from Flomaton, Alabama, and “kill people for a living.”
Georgia has been especially hard hit over the past week.

Though the call on Thursday turned out to be a prank, officers are taking seriously another incident earlier in the week in which two children waiting for the school bus fled in fear of their lives after seeing a man dressed in black and wearing a clown mask. Elsewhere in the state, there have been multiple reports of clowns chasing children, with adult witnesses on-hand to corroborate on at least a few occasions.

Unsurprisingly, some are taking advantage of the situation. Police in Pensacola, Florida, said on Thursday that they’ve received reports of clowns scaring people for entertainment. Earlier in the week, a Pensacola woman posted a creepy Facebook video showing a clown standing at the edge of the woods, but she revealed in the comments that it was a hoax.

The “creepy clowns” have had one confirmed victim: actual clowns. Clown performers in states where sightings have taken place fear they could be hurt if spotted in uniform, and the BBC reports that one clown in Georgia even keeps police abreast of his movements to avoid a potentially dangerous misunderstanding.

One widely held theory was that the clowns were all part of a viral marketing campaign for Rob Zombie’s upcoming film 31, in which a band of carnival workers are held hostage by murderous clowns.
Unfortunately for anyone who likes to know where their creepy clowns are coming from, Saban Films, the company behind 31, released a statement earlier this month, saying, “The company and the film 31 are not associated in any way with the creepy clowns and costumed characters found roaming the South.”
So, I was a little scared to post this because I didn't think anyone would believe me until Kelly Hill told me that one of her friends just had seen a clown here in London. Amy Gunter And I was out tonight & was headed back home on 192 & saw this. Now, it's not a really good picture because I couldn't stop, there was people behind me. I seriously think this clown thing has gotten out of hand & someone is going to get hurt. Please share this so people around London will know that they are here! 1,5311 shares 559 comments 
Watch Now: News at 4 p.m.  WHNT News 19 TV Schedule 
  
WHNT.com

Menu 
News
Sports
Taking Action
Photos
On-AiTHeard about a scary clown lurking bbefore nearby? Think rbefore you share a rumor on social media
Posted 9:44 am, September 19, 2016, by Claire Aiello, Updated at 04:45AM, September 20, 2016 
Facebook7K+
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest2
LinkedIn
Email



You've likely seen social media posts about clowns in the past few weeks. More recently, you may have seen conversation about scary clowns lurking in woods, possibly in your town.  This followed reports of confirmed sightings in North Carolina earlier in the month.
Is there any truth to this? WHNT News 19 has received several comments and questions. We have yet to get confirmation of this being true in Alabama.
Fake news article
On Saturday night, someone falsified one of our news articles on WHNT.com, creating a fake report saying a clown had been spotted lurking in the woods near a playground in Tuscumbia. WHNT News 19 never posted such an article.
Yet, that fake news image has been shared 257 times as of Monday at 9 a.m. Nothing about it is true, and we confirmed this with Tuscumbia Police Chief Tony Logan.
"We have no reports of clown sightings," Chief Tony Logan said Monday.  "Those kinds of things can create a hysteria. It ties up our resources trying to track down false leads, when we have other things we should be working on."
Social media rumors in Cullman County
There were similar rumors about scary clowns being spotted in Cullman County, where the Sheriff's Office said there was no evidence to back it up. There was even a picture of a person dressed as a clown, supposedly spotted on Highway 157.
"We did a reverse image search. The picture was from Chicago," said a spokesperson for the Cullman County Sheriff's Office.
"It just creates unnecessary calls. Phantom calls. Nothing is there. If we have to send a deputy, it takes us away from something else, like a domestic violence call."
"No one's actually come in and filed a report. If you haven't actually seen anything, don't hit the share button on Facebook," the spokesperson said.
Possible abduction in Neel community of Morgan County?
No, that didn't happen either, despite posts being shared on Facebook.  Sgt. Kyle Wilson of the Morgan County Sheriff's Office says they have no report of a kidnapping or abduction of any kind.
What exactly is true?
Here's what is true.  People have been arrested for perpetuating rumors like this.
Last week, two schools in Flomaton, Alabama went on lockdown due to social media threats involving clowns. Thirty law enforcement officials made a sweep of Flomaton High School and Flomaton Elementary looking for any possible threats.  They found nothing.
A 22-year-old woman and two juveniles were arrested. Makayla Smith, 22, is charged with making a terroristic threat. A judge set her bond at $200,000.
In a separate incident, police in west Georgia charged two people with making false reports for calling 911 to report people dressed as clowns were trying to lure children into a van. Police say the callers admitted the report was a hoax.
The Calhoun County Sheriff's Office has also been reporting on an investigation in their area. Monday, they announced an arrest on it's Facebook page. It read in full:
"Billy the Klown" that made threats to "shoot up" Saks Middle school has been arrested for Making a Terroristic Threat a felony offense. He is a 16-year-old from Pleasant Valley.
The Sheriff's Office will continue to follow-up on leads to pursue charges against all the threats made by these clowns.
Matthew Wade
Chief Deputy

Filed in: News 
 Suggest a correction
  
by Taboola 
Sponsored Links 
You May Like


Pay Off Your House At A Furious Pace If You Owe Less Than $625,500
QuickenLoans


Lafayette, Louisiana: This Brilliant Company Is Disrupting a $200 Billion Industry
EverQuote Insurance Quotes


Lafayette: This Meal Service is Cheaper Than Your Local Store
Home Chef


The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women
Tophatter


If you have a computer you should try this game!
Vikings: Free Online Game


3 Foods To Avoid in 2017
BIO X4 Supplement
Promoted Links 
FROM AROUND THE WEB
MORE FROM US
Here's Why Everyone's Obsess… (Cup of Jo for Bombas Socks)
Pay Off Your House At A Furious Pace If Y… (QuickenLoans)
Lafayette, Louisiana: This Brillian… (EverQuote Insurance Quotes)
Lafayette: This Meal Service is Cheaper Than Y… (Home Chef)
The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women (Tophatter)
Falkville woman dies in crash
TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cu…
NEW DETAILS: Siskiyou Sheriff’s Office reveals how…
Big weekend for big events: how storms may impact yo…
White nationalist Spencer speaks at Auburn; 3 arrested

  
by Taboola 
Sponsored content 
The Stars' Best Kept Secrets: Chris Pratt


Apr 21, 2017, by Connatix
Actor Chris Pratt has become a household name thanks to high profile roles in blockbuster films like 'Guardians of the Galaxy' and 'Jurassic World'. But ...



 
  
by Taboola 
Sponsored Links 
YOU MAY LIKE


Pay Off Your House At A Furious Pace If You Owe Less Than $625,…
QuickenLoans


Lafayette, Louisiana: This Brilliant Company Is Disrupting a $200 …
EverQuote Insurance Quotes


Lafayette: This Meal Service is Cheaper Than Your Local Store
Home Chef


The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women
Tophatter


 
What do you think?




Popular

Dead insects, expired meat products, and dirty dishes in this week’s Restaurant Ratings

First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over

TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cummins Arrested
 
Latest News

Repurposing, Recycling Food is the Latest Trend to Reduce Waste

Massachusetts police rally around boy battling cancer

Vehicle overturns in crash at Providence Market in Huntsville

How storms Friday evening and Saturday could impact your plans
 
  
by Taboola 
Sponsored Links 
.


Pay Off Your House At A Furious Pace If You Owe Less Than $625,500
QuickenLoans
Shoals

Felony complaint released in case against Tuscumbia man accused of abusing infant
Shoals

Drivers beware; downtown Tuscumbia seeing crosswalks rebuilt
Shoals

Tuscumbia police investigating victim’s movement prior to shooting
Shoals

Tuscumbia police add body cameras following deadly officer involved shooting
Shoals

Communications professor incorporates topic of “fake news” in lessons to UNA students

Shoals

Tuscumbia court offers amnesty for outstanding cases
Shoals

Tuscumbia Police identify victim of overnight shooting
News

Spoof Facebook page claims Drive-in theater reverses decision on showing “Beauty and the Beast”
Shoals CrimeStoppers

Tuscumbia police continue investigating Derrick Bates murder; reward offered
Northeast Alabama

Social media on fire about what some Brindlee Mountain students claim they did to teacher
 
Huntsville

Board member speaks out, apologizes to community after receiving letter from Huntsville mayor
News

How long can Tad Cummins stay off the grid?
Decatur

Fire crews are battling a large brush fire in Morgan County


Mobile Apps
iPhone & iPad App
Android App
LiveAlert19 Weather App

Facebook

Twitter

Email Alerts

About & Contact

Screener

Covers

Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy 
• 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 
• Copyright © 2017, WHNT 
• A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP 

  






Follow

Skip to toolbar
My Site
+ Add New WordPress

Jessica Doble
jessicadoble.wordpress.com
Stats 
Plan
Free
Publish
Blog Posts
Add
Pages
Add
Personalize
Themes
Customize
Menus
Configure
Sharing
People
Add
Plugins
Domains
Add
Settings

Reader
Streams
Followed Sites
Manage
Discover
Search
Recommendations
My Likes




jessicadoble
@jessicadoble
Sign Out
Profile
My Profile
Account Settings
Manage Purchases
Security
Notifications
Special
Get Apps
Next Steps
Help

Log Out



LONDON, Ky. (WKYT) - After several sighting in South Carolina and other states, creepy clown sightings have creeped into Kentucky. Jamie Hill posted a picture on Facebook showing someone in a clown costume near the Hal Rogers Parkway in London.

"I was in state of shock. I didn't know what to do. I didn't think anyone would believe me about it," Hill said. "I took a picture, I didn't plan on posting it until others started seeing the same thing."

The Laurel County sheriff's office says they have not received complaints about clowns but they say they are aware of what is going on in other states. They don't think the person was necessarily doing anything illegal.

Police in Pulaski County also received a complaint of three people in clown costumes acting suspiciously.

Last month in Greenville, South Carolina, deputies increased patrols after getting new reports that someone dressed as a clown tried to lure children into the woods.

There were several strange clown sightings in the Greenville area last month.

A 12-year-old told deputies that two clowns were in the backyard area.
LONDON, Ky. (WYMT) - After several sighting in South Carolina and other states, creepy clown sightings have creeped into Kentucky.

Jamie Hill posted a picture on Facebook showing someone in a clown costume near the Hal Rogers Parkway in London.

"I was in state of shock. I didn't know what to do. I didn't think anyone would believe me about it," Hill said. "I took a picture, I didn't plan on posting it until others started seeing the same thing."

The Laurel County sheriff's office says they have not received complaints about clowns but they say they are aware of what is going on in other states. They don't think the person was necessarily doing anything illegal.

Police in Pulaski County also received a complaint of three people in clown costumes acting suspiciously.

Last month in Greenville, South Carolina, deputies increased patrols after getting new reports that someone dressed as a clown tried to lure children into the woods.

There were several strange clown sightings in the Greenville area last month.

A 12-year-old told deputies that two clowns were in the backyard area.
GENEVA, Ala. — Four Alabama juveniles have been arrested after what appears to be an online clown prank gone too far.

The Geneva Police Department says they have arrested three Geneva Middle School students and one Geneva High School student after parents called the police alerting them to cryptic threats being made by clown profiles on social media.

“Look out Geneva, we are coming for you,” an account labeled “Stitchez_the_klown” posted. “Crazo_the_cappinclown” added, “Yeah to shoot it up.”

The kids behind the accounts confessed after being confronted by police, but told authorities they were just joking.

“The kids thought it would be funny, but it turns out that it wasn’t funny at all,” said Police Capt. Ricky Morgan. “We take it very serious.”

The police have charged the juveniles with Making Terrorist Threats, an eventuality law enforcement officials have been warning about since the bizarre clown craze sparked copycats around the country.

Earlier this week, Shades Valley High School in Irondale and Holy Family Cristo Rey High School in Ensley both received phone calls warning them that clowns might show up at or near the schools. Holy Family Cristo Rey’s call said that a clown would be coming by and attempting to lure children into the woods.

Police searches turned up nothing, but the schools took precautions nonetheless.

Later, a clown jumped out from behind some bushes in Brighton and chased two Alabama teens before getting into a white van and speeding off.

Similar incidents have occurred in South Alabama. The Escambia County Sheriff’s Department last week arrested three individuals in connection to Facebook postings by a page called “Flomo Klown” that included cryptic threats.

Previous reports of creepy clowns in Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina also caused a stir nationally, particularly because some of the reports described the clowns as attempting to lure children into the woods with candy.

The Calhoun County Sheriff’s Office also warned would-be pranksters that such posts could result in their arrest.

“The Sheriff’s Office has received numerous reports of social media posts of individuals making threats under the auspice of being clowns,” the Department wrote on Facebook. “These threats under Alabama Law could result in arrest for ‘Making a Terroristic Threat’ which is a felony. School resource officers have identified several suspects that were making the posts and an investigation is currently ongoing.”

The Geneva Police Department appears to have made good on the Calhoun County Sheriff’s promise.
It turns out the repoerts of 'creepy clowns' being seen in Annapolis aren't true. Four stduents between the ages of 7 and 0, had said they sawa clowns in parts of Annapolis within the past week as they were on their way to school. But police in Annapolis said they re-interviwed the kids Tuesday and discovered those reports were unfounded. Amy Miguez, a spokeswoman for Annapolis police, said al four of the kids had similar stories of how the incidents occurred but police thought it 'didn't seem very likely' at first. "You would think if someone saw it, more than four kids would also have seen it," Miguez said. "It was concerning how it occurred so we wanted ot the information out there to let people know." She said police worked to try to find surveillance cameras in the area to see what happened then interviewed the kids again on Tuesday. "That's what ended up leading to the admission that they made it up," Miguez said. It is not exactly clear what motivated the kids to make up the stories. Other reports of creepy clowns have turned out in most cases not to be true, and police have started to make arrests after false reports in other parts of the country. Alleged clown incidents have happned in North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, and Kentucky. Miguez said such stories can sometimes 'feed on itself.' "One story comes out and people start talking about it," she said. "Maybe someone would think that's funny." She said while it was unfortunate that law enforcement resources had to spend time inevestigating what turned out to be fals claims "it didn't take a bunch of time to figure out" that it was untrue.
Well, this is terrifying.

After numerous reports of clowns across the country being spotted near woods, trying to lure people into the woods, stealing our innocence… Well, according to Facebook, there now has been a report of a scary clown in London, Kentucky.


Jamie Hill said she spotted the clown on KY 192 as she was driving home from work and managed to get a picture of a clown standing near the side of the road.

Excuse me while I change my pants….
Creepy clowns are now targeting high schools.
A 22-year-old Alabama woman is being held on $200,000 bail for making credible threats against a high school using social media accounts featuring pictures and references to creepy clowns, AL.com reports.

Makayla Smith was charged with making a terrorist threat in Escambia County Courthouse Monday morning for using two Facebook accounts called "Flomo Klown" and "Shoota Cllown" to make bloodcurdling threats against students at Flomaton High School.

Smith, of Flomaton, and one unnamed juvenile put the small-town high school on lockdown for several hours Thursday as over 30 local police officers and FBI agents scoured the school grounds. The exact nature of the threats was not immediately revealed and no tangible threats were retrieved.

Nonetheless, officials took the situation very seriously.

"This type of crime will not be tolerated in Escambia Co. Alabama and we will ask that all involved parties be punished to the full extent of the law," the local sheriff's office said in a statement following Smith's arrest on Friday.

The unidentified juvenile is also expected to be charged. The Alabama incident comes as creepy clowns have been reported across North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia. Several of the clowns have reportedly been armed while attempting to lure children into wooden areas.
FAYETTEVILLE, W.Va. — Fayette County authorities are warning the public to literally stop clowning around.

Grown men posing as clowns have recently been seen in the area, and the county’s Sheriff Steve Kessler said in a release Thursday that he wasn’t amused.

“It’s time for this joke to end,” Kessler said in the release. “If individuals persist in this conduct then we will begin making arrests and see how well these ‘scary clowns’ like spending time in the Southern Regional Jail.”

The pranks haven’t been limited to Fayette County. Earlier this week, Monongalia County Police reported that people had complained of clowns in the woods. A photo of a sighting in Mercer County also was posted on social media.

The Fayette Sheriff’s Office has said they’ve received many complaints of clowns trying to scare residents, armed with various weapons. There was a sighting in Mount Hope Wednesday night.

“The goal of these ‘scary clowns’ appears to be an intent to scare as many people as possible,” the statement said. “While most of the individuals engaging in this conduct are likely doing so purely for amusement, they need to be aware that such conduct is illegal.”

A portion of W.Va. State Code actually prohibits the wearing of any type of mask in public, with “limited exceptions.”

The release also noted that many people have a legitimate phobia of clowns, and that those posing as clowns could be the victims of violence.

“Many of our citizens carry concealed handguns and if one of these ‘clowns’ frightens an armed individual the results could be tragic,” the statement said. “A citizen confronted by one of these armed ‘clowns’ has no way to determine if this is merely someone playing a harmless prank or someone taking advantage of the latest trend to commit an armed robbery or assault under the guise of a joke.”

Finally, the release said the pranks are waste of police resources, saying that “grown men (should) have the common sense to refrain from such juvenile behavior.”

The 2015 Chapman University Survey on American fears found that 6.8 percent of responders were ‘afraid or very afraid’ of clowns.
Area law enforcement agencies are on the lookout for clowns.

The Glasgow Police Department has received two complaints from residents about a person or people dressed in clown costumes in public areas, and both the Bowling Green Police Department and the Warren County Sheriff's Office responded to clown-related calls earlier this week.

There has been a spate of spooky clown reports nationwide. In a Pennsylvania town, police received reports of clowns yelling at children and scaring them. In Alabama, a school was placed on lockdown after a social media threat of a clown invasion. In Georgia, an 11-year-old girl was caught with a knife and told authorities she carried it to protect herself from clowns. Those reports were all just in the last two days.

"Other cities are receiving similar complaints and they are handling those complaints according to their city ordinances and state laws," GPD Lt. Jimmy Phelps said. "If you place anyone in fear of immediate harm, that is menacing, a Class A misdemeanor."

Bowling Green police received two clown complaints Tuesday from the same address, BGPD spokesman Officer Ronnie Ward said. Responding officers did not find any clowns.

The Warren County Sheriff's Office received a clown complaint Tuesday night from someone on Browning Road, sheriff's office spokesman Stephen Harmon said. A responding deputy did not find a clown.

The Glasgow complaints revolve around someone who dressed up as a clown and walked or stood in or near public areas such as streets and parks, according to a news release from the GPD.

"Due to the recent social and mainstream media coverage, these incidents are placing the person dressing as a clown, and others in a potential harmful situations," according to the release.

The city of Glasgow has an ordinance that prohibits people who are older than 12 from dressing in costumes that conceal their identities. Anyone found in violation of this ordinance is subject to a fine of up to $100.

"You don't know who you are scaring," Phelps said. "The way things are going now in the world we live in, people are not taking these pranks as funny. They are taking them serious. They don't like them and people are going to defend themselves and their children. By people dressing up like this they are putting themselves in a position where people may feel like they are being threatened and they are going to react by using whatever force they feel is necessary."

"The Glasgow Police Department is going to strictly enforce the city ordinances pertaining to this and the laws of the commonwealth as well," he said.
1. Creepy clown hysteria is sweeping the nation.

It's everywhere now. A trickle of mysterious clown sightings in August has turned into a gusher that has social media in a frenzy. Creepy clown sightings have spread to dozens of states. Two were reported in Easton within a span of 12 hours Wednesday and Thursday, following reports earlier in the week from Pottsville, Pa., and Huntingdon County, near Harrisburg.

2. What makes a clown creepy?

Where should we start? Makeup. Mimicry. Silence. The frightening clown is a twist that's at the root of terror, according to Charles J.D. Kupfer, associate professor of American studies and history at Penn State Harrisburg. He told pennlive.com the contrast between good and evil is provocative. 

"With clowns in particular, what makes it scary is clowns are ostensibly funny and child-friendly," he told the website. "So it is even spookier to think of them as unfriendly and evil." 3. How did all this start?

The evil clown figure goes back years. Professional clown entertainer Neal Fehnel, of Palmer Township, says novels such as Stephen King's "It" in 1986 and the 1988 cult fllm "Killer Klowns from Outer Space" brought the idea of the evil clown to the mainstream. More recently, the FX Network's "American Horror Story" has a recurring storyline that features a scary clown.

4. There's a word for fear of clowns

It's called coulrophobia, an extreme fear of clowns -- although it's not recognized by the American Psychiatric Association or the World Health Organization.

5. Have creepy clowns hurt anyone?

Not so far as we can tell. The recent spate of sightings gained steam in Greenville, South Carolina, where residents of an apartment complex reported people in clown makeup were terrorizing residents. Worse, they said, children were being lured by people in clown costumes into nearby woods.

Authorities investigated and weren't able to confirm any of that.

At this point we feel compelled to mention that 1970s serial killer John Wayne Gacy Jr., who was convicted of 33 murders, had worked as a clown at charity fundraisers and children's parties.

6. Easton police found no evidence of clown activity

Locally, police in Easton said they were called Wednesday night to Canal Street for a suspicious person in a clown costume near Lehigh Manor Apartments. When police questioned the woman who notified them, she said she hadn't seen the clown herself but heard children talking about seeing one in the neighborhood.

The next morning, Easton Area Middle School students on a school bus reported they saw a group of clowns walking near St. Joseph's and St. John streets. Police checked out both reports and found no evidence of a clown -- not even a squirting flower or a bright red hair.

Even so, the middle school and other schools were abuzz with clown stories. Halloween should be interesting again this year. 7. What should you do if you see a creepy clown?

Take a picture and send it to the email address below. And best to notify authorities, too.

State police in central Pennsylvania urged folks to call police if they see anyone dressed as a clown on their property.

"The public is advised to use restraint and allow the police to handle the situation," state police at Huntingdon said in a news release.

8. Are there laws against being a clown?

No, but there are laws that govern harassment or public alarm. Best to leave it to the authorities to sort out if anyone's doing any law-breaking. 9. How do legitimate clowns feel about all this?

Judging from Neal Fehnel's reaction, they're not too happy.

Fehnel's Balloons the Clown has booked parties and special events for decades in the Lehigh Valley. The persona of the evil clown has given the profession a black eye, he said.

Of the current sightings, he says, such imposters need to be prosecuted. And he's not kidding.

"The punishment should be equivalent to that of impersonating a police officer. It's a trusted profession. And a children's entertainer is nothing less than that," Fehnel said. "Nobody's impersonating an insurance salesman for the same kind of compromise."
Kentucky police have arrested a man dressed as a clown lurking in a wooded area amid a wave of clown reports in at least six US states.
Jonathan Martin, 20, was charged with wearing a mask in a public place and disorderly conduct in Middlesboro.
He was found at about 0100 EST (0600 GMT) on Friday in "full clown costume" and mask crouching among trees by an apartment complex, according to police.
Recent reports of clowns trying to lure children into woods have sparked alarm.
Police have warned individuals against dressing up in clown costumes, adding it could lead to criminal charges. "Dressing as a clown and driving, walking or standing in public can create a dangerous situation for you and others," police in nearby Barbourville, Kentucky, said in a statement online.
"While dressing up is not, in and of itself against the law, doing so in public and thereby creating an unnecessary sense of alarm is illegal."
Why are clowns scary?
Alleged clown encounters have been reported in recent weeks in North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia and Kentucky. But the recent wave of creepy clown sightings has also led to a string of false reports to both police and on social media.
Police in Annapolis, Maryland, recently found reports of students being scared by clowns on the way to school to be untrue.
A 24-year-old man was charged with making false reports in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, after he told police a clown knocked on his window.
Meanwhile, an 11-year-old girl was arrested in Athens, Georgia, for bringing a knife to school because she was scared by social media reports that clowns were attacking children.
Mr Martin's arrest comes as Kentucky residents have reported sightings of a clown matching the description of his costume.
A photo posted on Facebook on Wednesday showed a clown in Waco, Kentucky, dressed in a similar black-and-white costume.
This may be your worst nightmare: Reports are emerging from multiple states of alarming interactions with people in clown clothing.

First, residents of Greenville, S.C., reported last month that suspicious clowns were attempting to lure children into the woods. The property manager of the Fleetwood Manor apartments, where many of the sightings happened, sent a letter to residents warning that "at no time should a child be alone at night, or walking in the roads or wooded areas at night," according to local television station WHNS. Up to this point, law enforcement officials have not uncovered any evidence — "not even a prankster in a clown suit" — as The Associated Press reported.

Since the report in Greenville, sightings of sinister "clowns" have emerged around the country. As the AP reported, "people in Alabama, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina and now, Pennsylvania have reported scary or suspicious encounters with people dressed like clowns." Last night, Kentucky joined the growing list.

Here are a few examples:

Alabama: At least nine people "identifying themselves as clowns" have been arrested and charged in Alabama in just over a week, according to AL.com: "Seven, including two adults and five juveniles, face felony charges of making a terrorist threat. One juvenile faces a child in need of supervision charge. And the other, also a juvenile, faces a misdemeanor harassing communications charge from an incident in Rainbow City."

Pennsylvania: State police have received reports of clown sightings in multiple counties, as PennLive.com reported earlier this week.
The AP reports one such incident near Pottsville, which Pottsville Police Chief Richard Wojciechowsky characterized as a prank: " 'Two knuckleheads with clown-like clothes on' hopped out of a pickup truck and yelled at a group of young children and teenagers."
Police are also investigating an incident in Ebensburg, where a woman reported a clown peeping in through her window.

PennLive.com reports that police also believe some other social media reports of suspicious clowns are actually false.
Kentucky: On Friday, police arrested a man "dressed as a clown lurking in a wooded area" in the small town of Middlesboro, as the BBC reported. Jonathan Martin, 20, "was charged with wearing a mask in a public place and disorderly conduct," after police found him "crouching among trees by an apartment complex." The recent rash of clown-related reports has prompted the nearby Barbourville Police Department to advise people against dressing like a clown: "Dressing as a clown and driving, walking or standing in public can create a dangerous situation for you and others," it said in a Facebook post. "Please refrain from this unnecessary activity."

North Carolina: Earlier this month, Greensboro police responded to a complaint about a clown emerging from the woods, just days after the South Carolina incidents. The person was "wearing a scary clown mask, red curly wig, yellow dotted shirt, blue clown pants and clown shoes" and a bystander wielding a machete chased the individual back into the woods, police said in a statement. They added that they searched but were not able to find the clown.
Police in Greensboro also advised people against copying the strange behavior "given the heightened tensions about these entertainers." They acknowledge that it is "lawful to dress as a clown."

It's not clear why these reports are suddenly emerging. Police have said that they believe some are hoaxes. "Some speculators have put forth that the clowns may be a viral campaign — possibly for '31,' a new horror movie directed by Rob Zombie featuring homicidal carnival workers," as The Washington Post reported. A scary clown spotted loitering in Green Bay in August, holding four black balloons, turned out to be "a marketing ploy for a short horror film," as the AP reported.

Meanwhile, working clowns are frustrated about the upsetting encounters.

David McCullough, who performs in Texas as Kornpop the Klown, told The Washington Post that he has "worked very hard all my life to be a person that kids and their parents respect and can look up to."

Tricia Manuel, who runs a clown training camp in Minnesota, told The Associated Press that her business is hurting now. "When people report these things it should be 'someone dressed like a clown,' because a real clown would never dress or do anything to scare anyone," she said. "In South Carolina, two of the clowns were afraid to go out and perform."
Your worst nightmare may be coming true in Kentucky.

Authorities in Glasgow and Bowling Green have received multiple complaints from residents there about people dressed in clown costumes scaring members of the public. 

The Glasgow Police Department has received two complaints, and both the Bowling Green Police Department and the Warren County (Kentucky) Sheriff's Office responded to clown-related calls earlier this week, the Bowling Green Daily News reports. 

The worst part: This isn't just happening in Kentucky. According to the paper: 

In a Pennsylvania town, police received reports of clowns yelling at children and scaring them. In Alabama, a school was placed on lockdown after a social media threat of a clown invasion. In Georgia, an 11-year-old girl was caught with a knife and told authorities she carried it to protect herself from clowns. Those reports were all just in the last two days.

"Other cities are receiving similar complaints and they are handling those complaints according to their city ordinances and state laws," Glasgow Police Lt. Jimmy Phelps told the Bowling Green Daily News. "If you place anyone in fear of immediate harm, that is menacing, a Class A misdemeanor."

Bowling Green police received two clown complaints Tuesday from the same address, Bowling Green police spokesman Ronnie Ward said. The officers did not find any clowns.

The Warren County Sheriff's Office received a clown complaint Tuesday night from someone on Browning Road, sheriff's office spokesman Stephen Harmon said. A responding deputy did not find a clown, the paper reports.

The Glasgow complaints revolve around someone who dressed up as a clown and walked or stood in or near public areas such as streets and parks, police said.

"Due to the recent social and mainstream media coverage, these incidents are placing the person dressing as a clown, and others in a potential harmful situations," Kentucky authorities wrote in a news release. 
READING, PA
Police seek witnesses
The district attorney requested anyone who was at the scene contact Reading police at 610-655-6246 or Crime Alert Berks County at 877-373-9913.

A teenager was fatally stabbed Sunday night during a neighborhood dispute in the 1100 block of Locust Street that apparently broke out after a person showed up wearing a Halloween mask, investigators said Monday.

As investigators searched for witnesses, more than a dozen family and friends of the victim gathered to mourn at a memorial they put together in the block.

TODAY'S SPONSOR:
Christian Torres, 16, of the 1100 block of Robeson Street was a 10th-grader at Reading High School.

District Attorney John T. Adams said police are searching for HOME NEWS 


Reading Eagle: Tim Leedy | A memorial for a homicide victim in the 1100 block of Locust Street.

Reading police say Reading High School student was victim in homicide
Monday September 26, 2016 07:00 AM
By Holly Herman
READING, PA
Police seek witnesses
The district attorney requested anyone who was at the scene contact Reading police at 610-655-6246 or Crime Alert Berks County at 877-373-9913.

A teenager was fatally stabbed Sunday night during a neighborhood dispute in the 1100 block of Locust Street that apparently broke out after a person showed up wearing a Halloween mask, investigators said Monday.

As investigators searched for witnesses, more than a dozen family and friends of the victim gathered to mourn at a memorial they put together in the block.

TODAY'S SPONSOR:
Christian Torres, 16, of the 1100 block of Robeson Street was a 10th-grader at Reading High School.

District Attorney John T. Adams said police are searching for witnesses.

“We urge anyone who was there to contact the Reading police,” Adams said. “Someone was wearing a clown mask and a fight broke out. Anyone who knows anything about this, please contact the Reading police.”

Police said they arrived at 8:30 p.m., responding to reports of a victim lying on a front porch of a row home. Investigators said there was a large crowd in the street when officers arrived.

The victim was pronounced dead at the scene. An autopsy was scheduled for Monday night in Reading Hospital.

Coroner Dennis J. Hess said that the cause of death and manner will be issued after the autopsy. No information was available late Monday.

Friends and family members displayed red, white and blue candles, a teddy bear and photographs of the victim in a memorial in the middle of the 1100 block of Locust Street on Monday morning.

One of the victim’s friends, William Mojica, 18, said everyone in the neighborhood was in shock.

“My friend was a really good person,” Mojica said. “It was so sad. There was a stupid fight.”

Police Chief Andres Dominguez Jr. said investigators are sorting through several versions of what led up to the dispute.

“I believe the issues got out of control,” Dominguez said. “Everyone in the neighborhood knows each other.

“The saddest part of the whole thing is that the dispute got out of control. The neighbors see each other every day. They know each other so well.”

The chief said there are several suspects.

Police said late Monday that no one has been taken into custody.

The district attorney requested anyone who was at the scene contact Reading police at 610-655-6246 and Crime Alert Berks County at 877-373-9913.
Is it "It?"

Whether they're spurred by the theatrical remake of the Stephen King horror story, social media, a desire to pull pranks or something more nefarious, more sightings of creepy clowns have been reported in the Lehigh Valley region.

Authorities are urging people to keep calm and use their common sense.

"We don't need a society living in fear," Phillipsburg police Capt. Robert Stettner said Tuesday. Four sightings were reported in town over two days, although police checked and found nothing.

The first was about 8 p.m. Sunday night in Walters Park, when three clowns allegedly came out of the woods and chased a kid.

Three more were reported Monday, Stettner said. At about 5 p.m., someone was seen dressed as a clown on Hudson Street. At 7:45 p.m., a jester holding some kind of sword ran after a child on Shafer Avenue. And at about 9:30, a dark-colored truck was seen driving down Mercer Street with multiple clowns hanging out the window, according to police. Also on Monday, a group of children near a Wilson Borough elementary school told police that three people dressed as clowns chased them about 3:15 p.m., according to a news release. The clowns reportedly got into a white vehicle and drove south on Front Street. School staff, who were outside for about 30 minutes, didn't see the clowns, borough police Chief Steven Parkansky said.

Police investigated, too, and found no people or vehicles matching the descriptions.

The reports follow two within 12 hours last week in Easton, and similar sightings in Pottsville, Pa., and Huntingdon County, near Harrisburg.

"There's always a concern that people are copy-catting for the sake of scaring people," Phillipsburg's Stettner said.

There are measures people can take to stay safe.

Parents should talk to their children about walking in groups, Stettner said. And the old rule of not talking to strangers still applies: "You see somebody in a clown mask, don't go talk to them," he said.

If you are approached, get away to someplace safe and report any suspicious activity to police. Stettner also discouraged the idea of "hunting" clowns, saying that the suspicious person may be a juvenile prankster and that violence will lead to more trouble.

"If somebody's running around with a sword," he said, referencing the Shafer Avenue report, "we have more of an issue. (But) people are allowed to walk around with a clown mask."

Phillipsburg police can be reached at 908-454-1121. Anyone with information on the Wilson Borough incident is is asked to call police at 610-258-8746.
If you've been on Facebook recently chances are you have seen reports of creepy clowns popping up all over the country. Well those reports are now getting a lot closer to home.

People have been reporting clown sightings all over the City of Erie. Many of the reports indicate people wearing a clown mask, not necessarily in a full clown costume.

Erie News Now spoke with both the Erie Police Department and the Pennsylvania State Police and they both confirm reports of clowns in the city, but many times they can't find the actors. They also say it's not illegal to walk around with a mask on and many of the clowns aren't doing anything but that. So unless these clowns are doing something criminal there isn’t much they can do.
Authorities with St. James Parish Sheriff's Office are looking for two individuals who entered a grocery store wearing Halloween masks.

Deputies received a call at 5:45 p.m. on Tuesday after the masked suspects entered Matherne's Supermarket in Paulina.

According to police, the suspects left the store after the manager demanded them to leave. They did not act in an aggressive manner.

Anyone having information as to the identities of these two individuals should call the Sheriff's Office at 225-562-2200. Also, anyone who may observe similar incidents such as this, call 9-1-1. 

Covington Police also issued a warning to people wearing clown masks or reporting them falsely.  Read it HERE. 
Tuesday night, the Morgan City Police Department responded to a complaint of a "clown" spotted behind a local business. Officers responded but were unable to locate anything suspicious. This is the latest report, happening nationwide, of people wearing these costumes for unknown reasons.

The Morgan City Police Department says they will investigate any such incident and make arrests when needed. Police want to remind residents of Louisiana Revised Statute 14:313 which prohibits the wearing of masks, hoods or disguises to mask ones identity except under certain circumstances (like Mardi Gras or Halloween).  Anyone found guilty can be incarcerated for not less than six months and no more than three years.

Police say it is not a joking matter, and if you have any questions, contact the Morgan City Police Department @ (985)384-2310, 911 or your local law enforcement agency. 

In St. James Parish, authorities are looking for two clowns that were in a grocery store.  More on that story HERE. 
There's no end in sight for creepy clown reports thanks to social media hysteria. Dress like a clown, and you might be arrested and charged with 'inducing panic and terroristic threatening.' If you are going to be dressing up in a costume for Halloween, you might want to avoid dressing like a creepy clown, considering the sinister clown hysteria sweeping the nation. You don’t want to wear a clown costume in Kentucky where a sheriff contacted the FBI and Homeland Security over the “creepy clown” threat. In fact, in Gallatin County, Kentucky, the sheriff warned that people behind “clown threats” might face charges of “inducing panic and terroristic threatening.”

Pennywise from Stephen King’s It really ruined clowns for a lot of people, changing their opinion of clowns from funny or cute to scary and creepy as can be. When the evil clown craze first started cranking up, some people suggested the clown sightings were pranks tied to some sort of promotion for the upcoming film It. Others suggested the clown sightings were inspired by Rob Zombie’s film 31, which includes kidnapped hostages trying to survive a violent game against a gang of sadistic clowns.

Reports of seeing menacing clowns spread fast through social media and often end up on the news. It seems to have started in August in Greenville, South Carolina, where clowns allegedly were trying to lure kids into the woods. From there, it ballooned into reports of people in clown costumes lurking in parks, assaulting people, chasing people and even threatening to kill people.

Often, the creepy clown sightings are just pranks, yet clowns have become such a threat that police have reverted to the terrorist threat motto of “if you see something, say something.”

Yesterday, after Gallatin County Kentucky Schools reportedly received a clown-related “vague threat of violence”—two “clowns” had threatened to shoot high school students—school attendance dropped to 48 percent. Gallatin County Sheriff Josh Neale told people to forward threatening messages from clowns to the police, who were “aggressively looking into each and every message.” Neale said he was consulting with the FBI and Homeland Security over the clown threats. He added, “The person or people making the ‘clown threats’ could face local charges of inducing panic and terroristic threatening.”

Other police have also addressed the clown threat after it was going viral in social media. Wearing a “full clown costume” in public got one man arrested in Kentucky. He was charged with “wearing a mask in a public place and disorderly conduct.” He’s not the only “clown” who has been arrested.

Kentucky’s Barbourville Police warned that dressing like a clown “can create a dangerous situation.” While “approaching people in a threatening manner” is illegal, so too is “assaulting, shooting, attacking or otherwise injuring someone simple because they are wearing a costume.”
Reports of clowns haunting more than 20 states have people on edge. And, the reports keep coming.

Recently, a Philadelphia school district reported that police were investigating threats made by creepy clowns on social media. Likewise, the Spring Independent School District in Texas issued a security statement due to new clown threat hoaxes made online.

Schools in Cincinnati, Ohio, closed on Friday because a woman reported being attacked by a male dressed as a clown. Another woman, who reported being attacked by a clown early Saturday, was later arrested after police confirmed that she lied about being attacked by a knife-wielding person dressed as a clown.

The phenomenon has even managed to get the attention of the White House, where Press Secretary Josh Earnest was asked about the recent rash of creepy clown arrests on Tuesday.

“I don't know that the president has been briefed on this particular situation,” Earnest said. “Obviously, this is a situation that local law enforcement authorities take quite seriously and they should carefully and thoroughly review, you know, perceived threats to the safety of the community and they should do so prudently.”

So, is the creepy clown epidemic serious or just a sick joke? Police are investigating a host of reports, and have made some arrests. Here's what we know:

Wisconsin

A 15-year-old girl in Kewaskum was arrested for threatening shootings at Milwaukee high schools by a person wearing a clown mask, according to the Associated Press and the Milwaukee Police Department.

In West Bend, a call to police from the father of a Badger Middle School student, alarmed about a message the student received from a self-identified clown, led to a 12-year-old girl being taken into custody. So far, police say no reports from the Milwaukee area have been substantiated.

On Aug. 1, reports of Gags – The Green Bay Clown disturbed Wisconsin residents. Later, the man who set up a Facebook account which fueled conversation about Gags sightings came forward, saying it is all part of an independent horror film coming out around Halloween.

Gags the clown is back for his world premiere
South Carolina

Reports of clowns terrorizing people in South Carolina started in mid-August. One woman reported seeing a middle-aged white man in clown-like facial makeup and red hair standing outside the laundromat. The woman told police the clown stared at her as she walked out, but didn't speak or follow her.

In another report, children reported clowns were trying to lure them into woods with money. Residents of the Fleetwood Manor Apartments in Greenville, S.C., reportedly received letters from property management encouraging them to abide by the apartment’s 10 p.m. curfew, and not to let their children walk alone at night.

"Obviously, this is the type of claim that we need to take serious whether it's valid or not," said Master Deputy Ryan Flood with the Greenville County Sheriff's Office.

Deputies have not received any recent reports or arrested anyone.

North Carolina

Sept. 4, children reported a clown was trying to lure them into the woods in a Winston-Salem neighborhood. According to two kids, the man had on white overalls, white gloves, red shoes with red bushy hair, a white face, and a red nose. They told police he offered them treats if they would come into the woods. Police said an adult heard the man, but did not see him.

A few days later, the Cleveland County Sheriff’s Office received an anonymous call that a clown was outside of an elementary school, but it turned out that report was false.

Georgia

LaGrange Police in Georgia said it had received several calls about clowns “in wooded areas trying to talk to children."

At one point, a middle school was under a “soft lock down” because of creepy clown reports, Deb Myers with the Troup County School System told LaGrange Daily News.

Georgia police arrested two people Sept. 14 for calling 911 and allegedly making false claims about clowns trying to lure children into a van. Officials didn't find any clowns.

Police: 2 arrested because of false creepy clown reports in Georgia
Sept. 20, a Facebook page was created (it has since been taken down) fueling fears in Georgia. The page said clowns would be driving to local elementary, middle and high schools to abduct children. LaGrange police department obtained warrants and arrested four people they believe are responsible for the threats.

Alabama

A 10-year-old found responsible for making "clown threats" to Montgomery Public Schools in Alabama was arrested Sept. 21. Earlier that week, police arrested two high school students behind a since-deleted Facebook account named ClappyAndslappy DaClown, which released a 5-minute video threatening violence against Troy residents.

Additionally, police are looking for the person(s) responsible for a Facebook page, which has since been deleted, under the name Bingerman Clownferd. The social site threatened to visit Montgomery schools and beat students.

Mississippi 

A clown call made Sept. 21 in Tchula, Miss., turned out to be true. Police Chief Kenneth Hampton said he saw someone wearing a mask, a multi-colored wig and overalls around 11 p.m. on Wednesday. The person, who was carrying what looked like a machete, ran away after seeing the patrol vehicle. The person in the clown outfit has not been seen since.

Maryland

The Salisbury Police Department of Maryland recently investigated two reports of clown sightings. Callers said they saw three people dressed as clowns hiding in bushes and jumping out to scare people on Sept. 25. All three were reported to be wearing clown masks with orange and blue hair. Officers weren't able to locate any clowns.

Virginia

The Augusta County Sheriff's Office has received numerous calls regarding clown sightings in Fort Defiance, Va. One report said several people were dressed as clowns in a woodland area. According to Virginia Code Section 18.2-422, a person over the age of 16 is prohibited from wearing a mask, hood or other device to cover or conceal the identity of the wearer. A violation of this code section is a Class 6 felony, which is punishable by one to five years of incarceration and a fine of not more than $2,500, according to a release. Either or both may apply if convicted of this offense, Sheriff Donald Smith said.

Sheriff warns of possible clown sightings in county
Florida 

The Indian River County Sheriff's Office has received multiple reports of "creepy clown" sightings.

Sept. 28, a woman walking her dog said she saw a person wearing an all-white clown costume emerge from behind a tree in Indian River County, Fla. The person had red hair and was wearing a mask, she said. The following day, a father called police saying his child and other classmates were chased by a person wearing a clown mask after they got off the bus in the Vero Lake Estates area. Later that night, a child reported seeing a clown. None of the clowns were armed and there were no injuries.

A woman reported seeing two clowns last weekend near Victoria Park, Fla. She said the clowns were staring at her. It's unclear if they were trying to scare or harm her, but police issued an alert to surrounding agencies and searched the wooded areas and railroad tracks near U.S. 1. The clowns were not located.

“The problem is that someone dressed like a clown could scare someone and there’s a possibility, a possibility you could end up with someone getting shot,” said Lt. Mike Bandish of the Palm Bay Police Department. “A person could think that they’re about to get robbed."

Pennsylvania

The most horrific clown report came from a Reading, Pa., neighborhood where a 16-year-old wearing a clown mask pushed up onto his head was fatally stabbed, according to AP. Previous reports were unclear about who was wearing the mask.

This week, students at York College in southern Pennsylvania reported seeing people dressed as clowns, both on campus and off. Campus safety responded to eight different reports since Sept. 24. One anonymous tip reported on Sept. 26 that there was a car full of clowns possibly armed with weapons. Officials didn't find any clowns.

In Pottsville, police were investigating after clowns were seen yelling at children. A girl told a TV station that a clown had chased her and her friends and later threw a broken stick at them from the woods.

On Oct. 2, Philadelphia school district officials and police announced they were investigating creepy clown threats made against local schools on social media.

“The safety of our children and the communities surrounding our schools is a top priority for us and we are taking this matter seriously,” officials said in a statement released over the weekend.

Ohio

Colerain Police Department in Cincinnati, Ohio, arrested a juvenile Sept. 29 in connection with clown threats to harm students at Colerain High School.

Reading schools are closed Friday after a woman reported being attacked by a male dressed as a clown. The woman told police that the attacker made a threat against students. No arrests have been made in the attack and schools were closed out of concern for of students that walk to school early, according to the Reading Community City School District.

Around 2 a.m. Sept. 27, a woman called police in Lancaster, Ohio, saying she saw someone dressed as a clown holding a large kitchen knife. Police talked with witnesses at the scene who said they saw two people dressed as clowns: one in a gold suit with balloon and another in all black. Officers checked, but were unable to locate the clowns.

Tennessee 

Two suspects, one wearing a clown mask, carried explosives into a Memphis bank Sept. 28. The pair stole an unknown amount of money and fled in a black sedan. Memphis police are searching for them.

Two south Nashville Metro Schools went under a soft lockdown following a social media threat reportedly involving a clown, according to information from school officials and a Metro-Nashville dispatcher. Authorities said the threats weren't credible.

Missouri

A Facebook post threatening to kidnap students and kill teachers caused several mid-Missouri schools to go on lockdown Sept. 30, ABC 17 News KMIZ reports.

A week earlier, some reported seeing clowns, one near a high school, in the Ozarks, KSPR ABC 33 reports.
They’re finally here.
After weeks of creepy clown sightings across the country, the freaky phenomenon appears to finally have made it to the Empire State.

At least two people filed police reports after spotting a clown lurking around Clifton Park, a suburban town outside Albany, ABC 10 reported.

A woman who only identified herself as Alyssa told the local TV station she saw a “creepy clown” outside the laundry room of her apartment complex early Tuesday. “It was just really creepy. Like he was just standing there in the middle of the street and so I was freaked out because of everything that was happening in the south,” she said. “I feel like somebody is going to end up getting hurt. I just don’t think it’s necessary. I don’t think it’s funny.”

Another person at the same apartment complex said she also spotted the clown and snapped a picture, which she turned over to police.

Local cops said no crimes appeared to have been committed as of Wednesday, but officers are monitoring the reported areas closely. “It would be a good idea to talk to your children about stranger danger,” Clifton Park Lt. Dan Morley said. Meanwhile, police in New Jersey have received at least four reports of creepy clowns lurking around Phillipsburg since Sunday.

Three clowns reportedly emerged from the woods and chased a young boy Sunday evening, according to NJ.com. But when cops showed up, the mysterious clowns were nowhere to be seen.

The next day, a sicko wielding some sort of sword allegedly chased a child. Later that evening, a dark-colored truck was spotted driving down a Phillipsburg street with multiple clowns hanging out the windows.

“If somebody is running around with a sword, we have more of an issue,” Phillipsburg police Capt. Robert Stettner said.

The New York and New Jersey sightings come after weeks of similar incidents have been reported in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Alabama.
Phoenix police have arrested two juveniles in connection with Tuesday night's armed robberies of a Taco Bell and Domino's.

Both the robbers were described as wearing clown masks.

Two boys, both 17, were arrested Wednesday night.

According to Sgt. Vince Lewis, the primary suspect was arrested during a traffic stop after officers found evidence of the robberies in his car.

Police officers then were able to identify and arrest the second boy, who they said was acting as the getaway driver.

Along with being charged for the two robberies on Tuesday, they each were accused in connection with other, separate robberies.

The primary suspect was accused of an armed robbery of another Domino's on Sept. 22. Police say he was wearing a red-and-black luchador mask at the time.

The getaway driver was accused of a Sept. 13 armed robbery of the Taco Bell near 3500 W. Van Buren St. According to a police statement, he was wearing a bandanna with a skull printed on it at the time.

They were suspected of robbing the Taco Bell near 99th Avenue and Lower Buckeye Road together about 8 p.m. Tuesday, according to police.

While police were on their way to the Taco Bell, the robbers hit the Domino's near 75th Avenue and Lower Buckeye Road, police said.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- Syracuse Police say the creepy clown problem has made its way to the city.


A 10-year-old boy was found hiding in between two houses on Spring Street this morning after he saw three people dressed in clown costumes on his way to school, according to Syracuse Police. The child told police that the clowns started walking towards him when they saw him, and when they did he ran away as fast as he could before calling 911.


Police say they received a description of the three unknown individuals dressed as clowns from the child, but a search of the area didn't yield any of the suspects. As their investigation continued, police say they learned other children seen the clowns, and one child told them he was chased by what appeared to be the same three suspects dressed as clowns.

Police say these actions constitute harassment and loitering and therefore are unlawful. Police promise they will be "strictly enforcing these laws as we believe the actions by these individuals place children in potentially dangerous situations and will not be tolerated."


This comes after several reports of clown sightings in several different areas across the country. In some cases the clowns have reportedly tried to lure children.
Arriving home from work one day, a mother is greeted by her son who's been anxiously waiting to tell her about the clowns he heard whispering in the woods near their apartment complex. Initially she assumes his mind is running wild in the summer heat, until her eldest son confirms the report, saying he heard chains rattling and banging on the front door. nfortunately, this isn't an installment of Are Your Afraid of the Dark? but part of our new reality, as creepy clown sightings are cropping up across the country without explanation. On August 21st, reports of clown sightings surfaced near the Fleetwood Manor apartment complex in Greenville County, South Carolina. Officials took the strange reports seriously but were unable to uncover any real evidence or suspicious persons. The reports stretched beyond children hearing noises and seeing people with clown face paint: One resident said she saw a clown with a blinking nose standing beside a dumpster at 2:30 a.m. Other children came forward claiming clowns attempted to lure them into the woods with money and that the clowns "live in a house by a pond deep in the woods." After hearing gunshots, police learned two residents fired in the direction of the wooded area where the sightings had supposedly taken place. A week later, more reports surfaced of clowns simply staring at Greenville residents near laundromats and, again, next to the woods.
Yet still, police couldn't locate a single clown to question, leaving people to wonder whether this was a hoax, a marketing ploy, or simply child's play.
But if it is all an elaborate ruse, roughly a dozen other cities are in on it – and some officials are worried there will be a violent end to the clown sightings. And in the five weeks since clowns popped up in Greenville, the pandemic has spread.
Last week, in what quickly became a viral Facebook post, a video of a clown lurking in the brush along a dirt road was taken by a person named Caden Parmelee in Marion County, Florida. The car Parmelee was in paused to film a person with white, sinister face paint, but the video cuts out as the clown begins to move and someone in the car is cut off saying "Let’s get the hell out of…" We can assume the final word of that was "here," based on Parmelee's comment to police that he wasn’t looking to die that day. Another Florida resident, Kelly Reynolds of Palm Bay, took up running last weekend when she saw two clowns while she was walking her dog. Reynolds reported to Florida Today, "I never run but I turned and ran back to my home as fast as I can." Florida, a hotbed for weird shit, also had reports of creepy clown sightings in Pensacola and Gainesville.
The clowns crept up into North Carolina, littering the state with the grim face paint and costumes. A machete-wielding clown tried to lure a woman into a wooded area in Forsyth County. Winston-Salem increased police presence in certain areas after two children claimed they were offered candy by a clown if they'd follow it into the woods. In both Henrico and Augusta counties, parents and their children reported clowns "leering" at them from cars or on the edge of a forest. While the Augusta clown may still be wandering the forest, a local woman, Holly Brown, reported that the creepy clown was, in fact, her son Angus, a 12-year-old with autism, who donned his Halloween costume a month early. She stated her son was simply excited about the holiday and meant no harm. Given the clown-hysteria, he will only wear the costume on October 31st.
Pennsylvania, too, is rife with creepy clown reports. In Pottsville, there were reports of two people wearing "clown-like clothes," driving around in a pickup truck scaring teens and children. In Ebensburg, a woman caught a peeping-Tom clown peering through her window. Most recently, York College sent a safety alert out to the campus – a reaction deemed necessary after receiving eight different clown reports since September 24th. More sightings have been reported in Virginia, Ohio, Wisconsin and, most recently, New York State.
Police have begun arresting people dressed as clowns on various charges. In Alabama, seven people are facing felonies for making a terrorist threat, while two more juveniles face lesser charges. In Middlesboro, Kentucky, a 20-year-old man was arrested for wearing a clown costume while hiding in a ditch. In Virginia, two teens were taken into custody for donning clown costumes and chasing children. And in recent days, the list has been growing.
As campus safety officials in Pennsylvania pointed out in their notice, the "creepy clown" situation is becoming a national phenomena. Unfortunately, the situation is nothing new. In 1981, "sinister" clowns were seen in Boston and neighboring towns throughout New England. The clowns, who harassed small children, were never seen by adults. They would coax children into vans with candy, usually driving alongside children walking down the street or in front of schools. The Phantom Clowns, as they were dubbed by cryptozoologist Loren Coleman given their allusive nature, spread to Kansas City, Denver, Omaha, and Pennsylvania. Since the 1980s, clowns have made appearances across the country, usually in the weeks and months leading up to Halloween. 
Coleman's phantom clown theory is rooted in the "primal dread that so many children experience in their presence." The first notable instance of a creepy clown is when serial killer John Wayne Gacy was captured in 1979. His alter ego Pogo the Clown frequented children's parties, so his capture drew a connection between a killer and a clown. Three years later came Poltergeist, in which a sinister clown doll lives underneath the bed. Stephen King doubled down and only increased the public's fear of clowns – his 1987 novel It, featuring Pennywise the clown, was made into a horrifying film in 1990. (People still love to fear clowns – Poltergeist was rebooted last year, and a remake of It is set to arrive next fall.) Yet despite the recent arrests – and despite some state laws banning anyone over the age of 16 from wearing a mask or hood with the intent of intimidation or harassment – a solution to the phantom clown resurgence remains unknown. But more than stopping the phenomena, officials are concerned with the terrified people who may have a conceal-carry permit for a gun, or for vigilantes actively seeking to end the clown problem on their own. Child psychiatrist Dr. Steven Schlozman of Harvard University spoke to the New York Times about the power this problem has to "grab you emotionally before it grabs you cognitively." It's what caused videos and claims of clowns to go viral – whether it's real or a hoax – and what leads to the horrifying outcomes our fears bring to pass.
What the country is facing now is not the fear of clowns, but the aftermath that's likely to ensue. In Dr. Schlozman's view, “It never ends well.”
Turns out that people with a lot of face makeup and bizarre, billowy hair aren’t just frightening America from debate podiums. Sure, the scary clown trope isn’t new. Horror movies and haunted houses have always been infested with blood-spattered Bozos.

“It’s a yearly thing for us,” sighed Randy Christensen, the president of the World Clown Association. “With Halloween, this happens. And we just try to stay on the positive side of things because we’re about bringing joy and happiness and giggles and hope.”

Okay there, Mr. Sunshine. But this killer clown thing sweeping the nation is a whole other beast.

Random clowns have been popping up for months now. One school even had to go on a lockdown after reports of scary clowns harassing kids outside. This isn’t trick-or-treat stuff.

“No. This is something new,” said Christensen, who lives in Minnesota, and I swear I could see his sad clown face over the phone. “I wonder if it just doesn’t have to do with the current state of our country.”

This week alone, someone reported a car full of clowns, possibly armed, careening through the York College of Pennsylvania campus; police in Salisbury, Md., investigated reports of three people dressed as clowns hiding in bushes and jumping out to scare people; and a woman in Lancaster, Ohio, called police to report someone dressed as a clown holding a large kitchen knife.

“These aren’t clowns; they’re imposters,” said Christensen, who was recently honored by his association with the title “master clown.”

The professional clowns are serious about their credentials. And furious about all this.

The creepy clown wave began in mid-August, when there were several reports of imposters dressed as clowns trying to lure kids into the woods in South Carolina.

Those stories went viral. A flurry of staged photos of scary clowns in dark woods freaked out all of social media, and then the copycat creepy clowns came — a full-blown epidemic.

Police are getting pretty sick of this. So far, it doesn’t look like major arrests have been made.

But you can imagine lots of cops are running around towns looking for clowns, furious that their work-life soundtrack is less bass and a lot more slide whistle.

The top cops in Augusta County, Va., were so fed up with scary clown reports that they issued a news release reminding people that it’s a class 6 felony for someone over 16 to run around with a mask on.

The police chief in Paw Paw, W.Va., was less subtle with the anti-clown notices he posted around town.

“If someone sees you dressed like this they have the right to defend themselves,” the posters said. “It is not normal for clowns to be running around like idiots all year long. I will stand behind anyone who feels they need to protect themselves from these so-called clowns. So, to sum it all up, if you run around in a clown suit, you should probably expect for citizens to beat you (for their own protection), then get arrested by police.”

So it’s come to this. Clown profiling.

Please, please. Do not send in the clowns.

And thus the saddest sad trombone outcome of them all: The members of the Ali Ghan Shrine Club’s clown unit in Western Maryland announced this week that they are pulling out of an annual evening parade in Hagerstown — for your safety. And theirs.

“That’s not what we’re all about,” Tom Holland, one of the Shriners’ clowns, told the Cumberland Times-News. “Sure, some kids get scared when they see us, so we don’t push that. We just keep moving on and give them space.”

They’ll go to the daytime parade they usually do, though. And travel in a group, for safety.

There are people who live to make sick kids smile. And now, their entire world is being twisted into a sick joke.

Christensen said the clown community has been so unnerved by the wave of scary clown reports that he’s been addressing his fellow clowns in totally unfunny blog posts and YouTube videos about overcoming clown persecution.



Creepy clowns, the ones with squirting flowers — not flags — on their lapels, are becoming a scourge across the country. “Anybody doing that is not a clown,” Christensen said in one video. “If somebody dressed up as a police officer to gain someone’s trust, but the person wasn’t really a police officer and then tried to kidnap a child, they wouldn’t say, ‘Oh, a police officer kidnapped a child.’ They’d say, ‘Somebody impersonating a police officer.’ And I think that’s a differentiation we need to know.”

And, like with that audience member who just won’t laugh, “it’s just better not to argue at all” and back off if faced with a true clown-hater, he said. (Because otherwise, that gets, um, creepy.)

His fellow clowns are deeply concerned about all this. There is much chatter in the clown community about the defiling of a centuries-old art form.

From Virginia to Florida to Ohio, police are getting calls about threatening men dressed up as clowns luring children into the woods with money, running around with machetes, pipes, knives or even guns and generally scaring the bejesus out of everybody.
“Just go out and make them laugh,” the chief clown urges.

Is this a big enough concern for him to convene a creepy clown panel at the next World Clown Association convention?

“The next convention is in March, and it’s in Bangkok, Thailand,” Christensen explains. “And this really isn’t happening anywhere else in the world. Only in America.”

Yup, only in America.
What next? A killer kitten spree?

Like America isn’t scared enough this election season.
LARGO — Millions of gallons of sewage dumped into the bay. A giant sinkhole leaking contaminated water into the aquifer. Red Tide sending poisoned fish washing onto the Pinellas beaches. And now, clowns.

It's no laughing matter. Reports of menacing clowns scaring people have gone viral across the country this summer, fueled by social media and copycats. Some incidents have been deemed hoaxes, some have resulted in arrests and others remain a mystery.

The latest incident was reported in the bay area on Wednesday morning. Someone clad in big clown shoes and a yellow outfit with red polka dots chased after a teenage girl waiting for her school bus in the morning, according to the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office.

Read about the rest of Florida and the country's strange clown reports

The Largo High School student told deputies a man wearing a clown mask popped out of the bushes, chased her for a few minutes, then disappeared. The student, who was not identified, managed to get away.

Her bus stop is near the school but the location was not released. She was not injured in the incident, deputies said, and called her mother immediately afterward.

The Sheriff's Office was still investigating the incident Thursday and said it has not yet identified whoever chased after her. While it was not known what charges that person may face, Florida has one law in particular that applies to this incident: it's illegal to wear a mask with the intent to harass someone.

"Parents talk to your children and remind them that we understand Halloween is in a month," sheriff's spokeswoman Stephanie Tatum said. "But when you harass someone it is not okay and can end in a misdemeanor."

She said it's also taxing on law enforcement to figure out whether reports of menacing clowns are hoaxes or if there's a genuine threat to the public.

Contact Sara DiNatale at sdinatale@tampabay.com.

Largo High School student says a clown chased after her at school bus stop 09/29/16 [Last modified: Thursday, September 29, 
READING, Ohio — Reading schools are closed Friday after a woman reported being attacked by a male dressed as a clown. The woman told police the attacker made a threat against students.

No arrests have been made in the attack and schools were closed out of concern for of students that walk to school early, according to the Reading Community City School District.

Serious or just a sick joke? What we know about creepy clown reports
Colerain Township arrested a juvenile in connection with a clown threat in the area late Thursday.

Police said the suspect threatened to harm students at Colerain High School on Friday.

"This suspect used the current "clown" trend to further terrorize parents and students and has been charged with Making Terrorist Threats and Inducing Panic," police said in a Facebook post.

Both of these charges are felonies. Police did not reveal the name or age of the suspect.

Earlier in the day, police said posts on Twitter from an account called the Clown-Clan was causing "annoyance and alarm to communities."

It is not clear if the arrest was connected to those tweets.

Tweets from that account have mentioned several Greater Cincinnati communities and schools.
DENVER -- Creepy clown sightings may have started as a way to scare people on social media, but authorities -- including here in Colorado -- are taking threats of clowns coming to "shoot up schools" very seriously.

So are parents.

“I don’t think it’s funny,” say Cortney Kuenzler, whose 9-year-old daughter attends Soar Charter School in the Green Valley Ranch area. “I don’t think as adults we should be dressing up as clowns scaring kids. I don’t see how we get a high out of that. It’s not funny.”

The CEO of TRAC Intelligence, a threat analysis consultant, told Denver7 that motives are hard to determine.  David Firester said some people may don clown costumes to scare people.

He said others may report seeing clowns just to get out of going to school.

He also said there could be more sinister reasons.

“If you have threats to malls in the area or other public institutions,” he said, “it’s not just a case of wanting to get out of school.”

Firester likens clown hoaxes to swatting incidents.

“People have been using a swatting technique in terms of generating a SWAT or emergency police response to a particular location,” he said. “The location exists, the threat does not.”

On Friday, both police and school authorities across Colorado reassured parents that threats made on social media are not credible.

Denver7 has compiled the following list of where the fake threats have been made in Colorado: 

Denver

Denver Police responded to the area of East 53rd Avenue and Kittredge Street at 8:20 Friday morning, on a report that a student saw a clown across the street and the clown grabbed her and tried to kidnap her.

Adams County 

The Adams County Sheriff’s Office posted a note to Facebook Wednesday afternoon saying its deputies had to investigate a report of a person dressed in a clown costume Tuesday night near a historical building in District 2.

The sheriff’s office had a bit of fun with the post, saying sarcastically that deputies “were not at all spooked by responding to a school that looks like a castle, surrounded by corn fields, in the dark, during the Halloween season.”

The sheriff’s office never found the supposed clown, who was allegedly dressed in a green shirt and wearing a green wig.

Jefferson County 

The Jefferson County Schools District has sent out a letter to parents notifying them about rumors among students about threats of school violence.

You can read the full letter here. 

Larimer County

The Poudre School District said extra law enforcement personnel was at Poudre High on Thursday following reports of threats made on social media. 

Poudre High School's principal had teachers read a message to all students Thursday morning, according to the Coloradoan newspaper. It said:

"Students, you need to realize that social media is powerful. Posts that threaten safety are not a harmless joke. This particular post heightened fears in students, parents and school officials. We will not tolerate people threatening the safety of our school community. Actions like this are subject to school discipline and criminal charges where police see fit."

Both police and the school district said the threats were not credible. 

Mesa County 

Palisade High School reported early Friday morning that school officials had received reports of a Facebook threat against students in Grand Junction, reports KJCT-TV in Grand Junction.

The school's principal said a Facebook post by "Clowny Headsmasher" threatened to steal kids and "bad things will happen."

District 51 reportedly sent out a text message stating that the threats have been investigated and no threats were found to local students.

The Mesa County Sheriff's Office also responded to the threats on their Facebook page. They said, "we were able to determine that the posts originated from out of state and found no direct threats to any schools in Mesa County."

Weld County

A student at Northridge High School in Greeley admitted to making a threat on social media that caused a scare and additional security at two Greeley schools this week.

Administrators at the Greeley-Evans School District said Wednesday the 15-year-old female student posted on Facebook Monday about a threat involving clowns and a shooting at Northridge High School and Franklin Middle school. 

The student told administrators that the post was made to get attention. She is facing criminal charges and was removed from school. 

RELATED HEADLINES -- 

This is where "creepy clowns" are being spotted across the US

Clown attack forces schools in Ohio to cancel Friday classes

The psychology behind why clowns creep some people out

FBI now involved in creepy clown sightings, reports
This Long Island school superintendent is not clowning around.

Glenn Eschbach, the head of the North Babylon School District, locked down the town’s high school Friday after the school was targeted by what were called “clown-related threats” on social media.

Initial reports said a clown was spotted outside the school, but authorities would not confirm that.

The incident followed bizarre reports Wednesday of people dressed as clowns jumping in front of cars in Brentwood, and another report of someone dressed as a clown in North Babylon. Meanwhile, Suffolk County police officials are looking into a range of other sightings of a clown or clowns acting in a menacing manner.

None of the reports have been confirmed, Suffolk police said. No cop has witnessed a clown, they said, nor are there any credible threats.

“We understand this may be a social media prank throughout the country, but we take quite seriously all calls that involve intentional harassment, trespassing, disturbing of the peace and reported activity that results in the citizens of our county feeling threatened,” said SCPD Chief of Department Stu Cameron.

Suffolk County cops checked North Babylon High School and found no threat. The “lockout” was lifted at 10:45 a.m. Students were not being allowed to leave the campus during school hours Friday, officials said. “The safety and well-being of our students and staff is of the utmost importance, and all actions taken today were made as a precautionary measure,” Eschbach said in a statement.

Suffolk police Chief of Department Stu Cameron said his cops got two calls on Wednesday night for clowns causing mischief in Brentwood and North Babylon.

He said the motives of the clowns could not be determined. “The Department reminds the public false reporting and intentional harassment or disturbing of the peace can lead to legal consequences,” Cameron said.

The news was greeted with a mix of amusement and alarm on Twitter Friday.

“North Babylon HS is on lockdown because a clown was spotted outside,” one man tweeted.

"Welcome to North Babylon. Population: clown,” wrote another. The incident comes after people complained to police of a clown lurking around Clifton Park, outside Albany, earlier this week. Recent weeks have seen an unusual series of reports of frightening clowns throughout the country.
An Ohio school district closed schools today after reports of a woman being attacked by a man dressed as a clown. Schools in the Cincinnati suburb of Reading were closed in an announcement overnight. Officials said that in the attack, the suspect made a threat against Reading students and grabbed the woman around her neck. The suspect remains on the loose. "We take all threats to the safety of our students seriously. We were especially concerned with the number of students who walk to school in the early morning hours and made the decision to close school. The district is working closely with the Reading Police on this matter," the announcement stated. The victim was smoking a cigarette on her porch when the "clown" approached her and told her, "I should just kill you now," the Cincinnati Enquirer reported. The suspect then allegedly told her that area students "would wish they were never born." Police said he was wearing a striped outfit, red wig and white clown mask. The incident comes after police arrested a juvenile in Colerain Township, Ohio, for making threats against high school students there. The "creepy clown" incidents have been popping up around the country, with police saying that social media is driving the trend. Kids in Georgia said two weeks ago that they were chased from a bus stop by clowns, while a woman and two juveniles were arrested for a threat that triggered a lockdown at an Alabama high school.
The scary clowns are here.

For weeks, police all over the country have been receiving reports of creepy clowns, lurking in places that no clown should lurk. The New York Times has even covered the story.

And on Wednesday, the terrifying phenomenon hit the Beaver State. According to News Channel 21 in Central Oregon, police responded to a call of a "clown sighting" on Wednesday evening at 10:30 p.m. at a Redmond intersection.   
"An employee working at Central Oregon Eyecare called dispatch to report she was leaving work when she saw a person wearing a clown mask with teeth, white t-shirt and blue pants," said Channel 21 in their report. "She became scared and wanted officers to escort her to her vehicle in the parking lot."
Take a deep breath. It gets worse. Police were unable to find the alleged terror clown. In Ohio earlier this month, a woman reported being attacked by a scary clown. In North Carolina, a group of clowns allegedly tried to lure some children into the woods. As early as August, there were reports of malevolent clowns in South Carolina as well.

Stay safe out there. We still have 31 days until Halloween.
Earlier on Friday, we reported that the scary clowns had made it to Central Oregon. Now, it appears, they've hit the Willamette Valley.
Crystal Foster, 20, said she was stopped near O'Bryant Square in Portland in her car, a little before noon on Friday, when a man in black clothing, black gloves and a silver clown mask approached her.

"I thought he was crossing the street," she said over the phone. "But he came straight up to my car."

"He came up to my driver side window started banging," she continued. Then, she says the man proceeded to walk around her car, trying to open all the doors.

Finally, Foster said she sped off, shaken. A little later, she was able to call the non-emergency line for Portland Police, but she said, "They weren't really helpful."

She thinks this could have been because she didn't have much solid information about the attack.

"I couldn't see his hands they were covered in gloves," she said. "I couldn't see his face."

We reached out to Portland Police to see if there's been an uptick in clown-related crimes. Sgt. Pete Simpson, spokesperson for the Portland Police Bureau, said via email that he hadn't heard of that specific incident.

"In Portland,where Darth Vader rides a unicycle and has a fire-breathing set of bagpipes," Simpson added, "clown sightings might just be an average Tuesday."
You've probably heard that a bunch of clowns have been scaring the country senseless lately.

No, we're not talking about Congress -- low-hanging fruit, we know -- but people drawing on the terrifying aesthetic of Pennywise from "It" and other such murderous jesters to get a rise out of Americans from Central Oregon to the Tampa Bay area.

At least two scary clown sightings have been reported in Oregon lately, the most recent in Portland. But the Beaver State is only the most recent to endure this wave of terror. Some of these sightings appear to be hoaxes while others are the product of jokesters getting their jollies.

Columbus, Ohio: A teenager reports being chased by a 6-foot-tall man wielding a knife in a clown mask. The boy says he threw a rock at the clown before getting away.
Portland, Oregon: A 20-year-old woman reports that a man in black clothing and a silver clown mask approached her car and started banging on the driver's side window.

Amsterdam, New York: Middle schoolers tell police they were chased by a clown down several streets. Authorities also receive four other such reports of hostile jesters.

Redmond, Oregon: A woman reports seeing a "person wearing a clown mask with teeth, white t-shirt and blue pants" at an optical shop. Police come up short after a search.

Gatesville, Texas: False reports of kidnappings attributed to a pair of scary clowns force local school districts to issue assurances that there's nothing to fear.

Flomaton, Alabama: A Facebook page for "Flomo Klown" claims that a scary clown will visit local schools and prompts several lockdowns. No clown is seen on any campus.

Greenville County, South Carolina: Reports of men dressed as clowns -- again, unverified -- trying to lure children into the woods with candy and money put an apartment complex on high alert. The sheriff's department responds to reports of residents firing shots in the direction of the forest.

Green Bay, Wisconsin: A creepy clown nicknamed Gags is spotted roaming city streets at night, a bouquet of black balloons in tow. Unlike the previous two reports, there's photographic evidence and local police have even asserted Gags' right to scare the bejeezus out of the community.

Cincinnati, Ohio: Reports of a woman getting attacked by a man dressed as a clown puts local schools on lockdown. Police make an arrest in connection with the incident.
Largo, Florida: A Tampa Bay-area teenager reports being chased by a terrifying jester.

Brentwood, New York: Police respond to reports of people dressed as clowns jumping in front of cars, sometimes chasing them on local roads. Another report of a scary clown surfaces in nearby North Babylon.

Reading, Pennsylvania: Police report that a teenager was fatally stabbed after a scuffle breaks out because of somebody wearing a clown mask.

Syracuse, New York:  A 10-year-old boy dials the police as he hides between two houses, claiming three men in clown costumes approached him before school, at which point he fled.
Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania: A group of elementary school students report being chased by three people dressed as clowns after school. The terrorizers drove off in a white vehicle afterward, according to the children. School staff and police couldn't find people or a van fitting the description.

Fayetteville, West Virginia: The county sheriff tells local media that "It's time for this joke to end" after the agency announces it's received several reports of menacing clowns scaring residents.

These supposed stunts and false reports have earned their fair share of critics. In Florida, professional entertainers have told The Tampa Bay Times that they find themselves fighting an uphill battle as the phenomenon spreads unnatural fears of their ilk. Here in the Northwest, Seattle-area clown Charles Kraus echoes a similar sentiment, saying it "might be a good idea to clear up the recent clown scares before Halloween."

Some have theorized that the recent spate of clown sightings is a continuation of a promotional stunt for a Rob Zombie film that debuted in early September and spiraled out of control. For the rest of us, this tweet just about sums up how we feel about this whole scary clown thing right now:
BRENTWOOD, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Creepy clown sightings are now being reported on Long Island.

Police said they received a 911 call Wednesday night about a group of people dressed up as clowns, jumping in front of and chasing cars on Commack Road in Brentwood. Authorities also received a call about a person dressed as a scary clown in North Babylon.

Police have not confirmed any of the reports, and no officers have personally witnessed any of the menacing clowns, Suffolk County police Chief Stu Cameron said, adding that there have been no reported assaults nor credible threats against public safety within the county.

“We understand this may be a social media prank throughout the country, but we take quite seriously all calls that involve intentional harassment, trespassing, disturbing of the peace, and reported activity that results in the citizens of our county feeling threatened,” Cameron said.

Police are closely monitoring social media channels and calls made to the department, Cameron said.

Some people on Twitter claimed to have witnessed the clowns. After one of the anonymous Long Island clowns threatened Lindenhurst on Twitter, the elementary school kept students inside for their recess, CBS2’s Ali Bauman reported.

And North Babylon schools were put on lockout Friday.

“I think it’s out of hand,” said Nicholas, a North Babylon resident. “Got to put a stop to that. It’s not a joke really.”
Khalique Owens said his Wednesday night drive home along Commack Road in Brentwood was ominous, like a scene out of a horror movie.

“I see a clown right in the middle of the street — full clown suit, clown mask, with a long object that looked like a bat in his hand, just standing there,” Owens told Bauman.

Owens started to drive off — and then he saw another clown.

“The second clown, I guess he was kneeling. (He) just stands up real slowly as I drove past,” Owens said.

The creepy clown sightings have been increasing across the country recently.

A woman who works in Brentwood said it’s nothing to laugh about.

“I think it’s dangerous,” she told WCBS 880’s Sophia Hall. “Enough! It’s not even Halloween yet. It’s not even funny.” Creepy clowns have been scaring people across the nation since August, when reports started coming out of South Carolina of clowns running in the woods and attempting to lure kids in with candy.

Since then, similar stories of strange sightings and encounters have come out of nearly a dozen states including Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Kentucky.

On Friday, an Ohio school district closed all of its schools after a woman said a man dressed as a clown grabbed her by the neck and made a threat against students.

Earlier this week, a New Jersey boy said he was walking home through an alleyway in Phillipsburg when he encountered a sword-wielding clown. The boy said he heard the clown say ,“I’m gonna get cha,” and he immediately ran home.
In another incident, three clowns reportedly jumped out of the woods and chased a different child in Phillipsburg.

The reports have also prompted the Toms River Police Department to increase its presence at schools out of an abundance of caution.

“Nobody knows how to defend against it because we don’t know if it’s a prank or they’ll harm people,” Owens said.
It's only been one week since producer Barbara Muschietti called a wrap on 2017's IT remake — coinciding with the 30th anniversary of Stephen King's killer-clown epic on which the movie is based — and already far-fetched conspiracy theorists have tied the project to a spree of "clown complaints" plaguing the States. After one 20-year-old Kentucky based "lurker" was arrested in full clown garb, the Tennessee police arrest a 64-year-old man admitting to "dressing as a clown and threatening children" (dafuq?), and other sightings in Arkansas, Mississippi and South Carolina, fingers began jester-ing in New Line studio's direction. While it could have been a pretty amusing marketing campaign — having folks don clown costumes and terrorize local communities — you need to be a few pompoms short of a party (i.e. stupid) to figure the move wouldn't have serious consequences. And that's probably why New Line released an official statement to The Hollywood Reporter severing all connections to the pranks: "New Line is absolutely not involved in the rash of clown sightings."

Except now the question still stands: Who or what could've sparked this sudden clown-themed uprising?

Barbourville's Police Department has issued a lengthy Facebook status asking people to refrain from clown-based behavior, alongside an image of this rather forlorn looking fellow:
COVINGTON, Louisiana – A Louisiana police chief says he is taking rumored incidents of clowns luring school children into wooded areas very seriously, telling pranksters they would be charged with “terrorizing” the community if caught.
Covington Police Chief Tim Lentz wrote in a letter to the public that there “seems to be a phenomenon going around the country involving clowns and kids,” referring to cases in South Carolina where unknown clowns were persuading children into wooded areas, as Breitbart News reported. Lentz said at a local Louisiana school, four elementary students claimed they saw a clown in the woods near their school. Nonetheless, the students later admitted they had made the incident up after hearing about other cases on the Internet.

But, that’s not keeping the police chief from taking the matter seriously.

“If there is someone out there that thinks this is some type of fun prank that gives you attention you so strive, let me warn you now, that if you do ANYTHING that disrupts the safe learning environment for our kids, we will find you and charge you criminally with all of the laws at our disposal up to and including terrorizing,” Lentz wrote in his public message on Facebook.

“We are not clowning around,” Lentz ended the message.

Months ago, nearly 30 children living in an apartment complex told police officials in South Carolina that they had spotted clowns enticing them to go into the woods.

Then, just weeks ago, Breitbart News reported an incident where a man dressed as a clown had traveled across multiple states, threatening to abduct children from schools specifically in Georgia.

In Louisiana, there have been no credible reports by law enforcement officials of clowns luring children into woods.
It was a scene torn from the pages of a Stephen King novel. A woman driving home from work in Glace Bay, N.S. spots someone lurking by the roadside. Her headlights reveal a stranger dressed as a clown standing in the shadows. As she brings the car to a stop, the figure walks into the middle of the road, blocking her path.
“Once I stopped, he started running towards my car. So I started backing up,” Michelle Doubleday told CTV Atlantic. “He kept going faster and faster.”
The incident frightened her so much that she sped off in the opposite direction. She’s still not completely at ease behind the wheel when she's driving alone at night. “It was like a nightmare coming true right in front of me,” said Doubleday, who had a fear of clowns to begin with.
On the same night, another Glace Bay woman reportedly turned down a side street to avoid a person wearing a mask. When she rounded the corner, she was surrounded by as many as five clown-costumed characters in the middle of the street.
Cape Breton Regional Police say bizarre confrontations with sinister-looking clowns are on the rise. Three similar incidents were reported last week, but no charges have been laid.
A first offender that blocks the path of a car when it’s impractical for the driver to stop could face a $410 ticket, according to police.
THE CREEPY CLOWN PHENOMENON
So-called “creepy clown” encounters are making people nervous across the U.S. as well – with reports in at least 16 states.
An Ohio public school was closed on Friday after a man in a white mask, red wig, and striped costume grabbed a woman by her throat. According to the New York Post, he told the victim “I should kill you now,” adding: “Some students and teachers would wish they were never born at junior and senior high school today.”
Two Long Island, N.Y. school districts were also put on lockdown, and kids were banned from playing outside Friday after a separate creepy clown sighting.
In North Carolina, a machete-wielding clown tried to lure a woman into a wooded area on Sept. 3. The woman told Forsyth County, N.C. sheriff's officials the man wore a red nose and bushy hair, black gloves, a tie and white shoes.
The unexplained rash of clown sightings has led some to suggest the phenomenon is part of an elaborate hoax, or an attempt at a viral marketing campaign.
Some have linked the sightings to the upcoming remake of “It,” the Stephen King novel-turned-film about a sadistic, wisecracking clown able to transform itself to exploit the phobias of its victims.
Producer Barbara Muschietti has denied any involvement in the multiple sightings, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Hoax or not, victims like Doubleday says the gangs of clowns are no laughing matter.
“I could have hit somebody,” she said. “I could have had my kids in the car. I couldn’t see where I was going when I was backing up.”
HAMPTON, Va. — Authorities say a 13-year-old girl in Virginia and a 14-year-old boy in Houston have been charged with crimes related to recent reports of scary clowns appearing in several states.
Hampton, Virginia, police said in a news release Monday that the girl asked a person posing as a clown on social media to kill one of her teachers.

The Daily Press reports the request came only a few days after social media threats involving clowns caused police to increase security at schools in Newport News and Hampton. The girl has been charged with one count of threatening to kill by electronic message. The Harris County District Attorney's Office in Houston says the boy used the image of a clown to threaten a school. He is charged with making a terroristic threat.
CHESTERFIELD, MO (KPLR) - Several area school districts are increasing security after they became aware of an online threat. It appears to be related to the national craze of creepy clown hoaxes. Among them are Ferguson-Florissant and Parkway.
In an email sent out Sunday, Ferguson -Florissant School Superintendent Dr. Joseph Davis said the district learned of a threat to a number of schools in the St. Louis County area that appear to be related to the national craze of creepy clown hoaxes and sightings.

The letter went on to say, “None of our schools were mentioned in the threat; however, McCluer North was mentioned later in one of the threads.  While we believe the threat is not credible, we are taking the posting seriously and cooperating with police in their investigation.”

Classes will held as usual in the district on Monday,  but there will be an increased police presence at all schools.

The Florissant Police Department shared this on Facebook Sunday.


Similar emails went out to staff and parents in the Pattonville, Mehlville, Hazelwood, andParkway School Districts in recent days. All questioned the credibility of the threat, but added that increased security would be added just in case.

Parkway Superintendent Keith Marty's email sent on Sunday read, "While we have not been able to confirm that any Parkway schools are specifically mentioned, we are taking the posting seriously and assisting the police in their investigation. School will be held as usual tomorrow, but as a precaution we will have an increased security presence around our campuses."
Even Pennywise thinks enough is enough?

As the “creepy clown” hysteria continues to frighten people across the country, one of the most frightening minds around decided it’s time to pout things into perspective.

“Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria — most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh,” horror novelist Stephen King tweeted. King’s tweet comes just days after clown sightings were reported in the Empire State (after a string of instances in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Alabama). The Daily News reported last Thursday that at least two people filed police reports after spotting a clown lurking around a suburb outside Albany.

Meanwhile, the News notes, police in New Jersey received at least four reports of clowns hanging around Phillipsburg in late September.

The clowns reportedly came from the woods and scared off a young boy, NJ.com reported. Then the next day, also in Phillipsburg, a clown allegedly holding a sword appeared — while that night a truck full of clowns was spotted nearby. This led Phillipsburg Police Captain Robert Stettner to say, “If somebody is running around with a sword, we have more of an issue.”

So when the king of horror — the man who created the frightening, balding clown Pennywise — tells you to stop, you best take note.
WASHINGTON (ABC7) — Multiple schools in the DC area are on heightened security Monday after receiving online threats-- some involving clowns.

MARYLAND

1) In Prince George's County threats were made online by users with 'clown' in Twitter handles. The threats were serious enough that one school was shut down for the day. Police report they are working closely with school officials in monitoring the threats and keeping students safe.

 Follow
 John Gonzalez ✔ @ABC7John
More local creepy clown threats but this time in Prince George's County and this time threats of a shooting. http://wjla.com/news/local/prince-georges-county-police-investigate-online-threats-to-local-schools …
9:06 AM - 3 Oct 2016
Photo published for Student arrested in connection with 'clown' threat made at Prince George's Co. school
Student arrested in connection with 'clown' threat made at Prince George's Co. school
Prince George's County Police arrested a second student Tuesday after threats against area schools began circulating Sunday evening via social media by users with 'clown' in their Twitter handles. An...
wjla.com
  16 16 Retweets   2 2 likes

2) Washington County schools also received threats that came via a Facebook post. The Washington County Sheriff's Office say law enforcement were able to track the post to a source outside of the county. Deputies from the Sheriff's Office were dispatched to schools as a precaution. 

The Sheriff's Office did not clarify if this threat involved clowns.
HAMPTON, Va. (WAVY) — A 13-year-old Hampton girl is in police custody for allegedly reaching out to a person on social media to kill one of her teachers.

Police say the person she contacted was using a clown image as their profile picture. She allegedly reached out to this person to murder a teacher at Davis Middle School.

“The profile that she contacted actually was using a clown as a profile picture and so using a clown related alias,” Officer Ashley Jenrette of Hampton Police said.

According to police, a dispatcher received a call Sunday evening about a threat being made on social media, and the investigation resulted in the teen’s arrest.

Police: Clown threats not credible, but no laughing matter
Detectives reached out to the teacher to make sure they were OK. Police say there is no evidence at this time indicating threats have been made against anyone else.

There was an increased police presence at the middle school Monday, according to police.

Local police have recently investigated clown-related threats made on social media. One of these alleged threats was making rounds on social media late last week.

Police departments across Hampton Roads said they took the alleged threats seriously, but found no evidence that any of those threats were credible.

The 13-year-old girl arrested in this case has been charged with threatening to kill by electronic message. She is still being held in police custody. The Hampton City School district will examine the student’s future at the school.

“We looked at prior discipline issues and so on, but basically the range is long-term suspension to expulsion,” Diana Gulotta from Hampton City Schools said.

A clown scare that came with serious consequences.
FORT WORTH 
It was probably only a matter of time before the creepy clown sightings reported nationwide made their way to Texas.

Clown sightings have been rampant. Clowns reportedly trying to break into a home and harassing people in Ohio. Clowns trying to lure children into the woods in South Carolina by offering them money. Clowns jumping out of the bushes to scare people in Maryland.

Some of the sightings across at least 10 states have been deemed false.

In Fort Worth late Sunday night, a clown was reportedly running along a sidewalk yelling, police said. But when police arrived, they didn’t find a clown, Fort Worth police officer Tamara Valle said.

The sighting was reported at about 11:30 p.m. in the 5800 block of Melanie Lane, a residential area near Interstate 35W and Loop 820 in north Fort Worth, WFAA reported.



A police report was not complete, Valle said. No offense was found, nor was a person in distress.

A social media post suggested that clowns were also seen in North Richland Hills, but Detective Keith Bauman said no sightings have been verified.

The sightings may mostly be pranks or hoaxes. Twelve people face charges related to chasing people, or making false reports or threats as of Sept. 29, according to The New York Times.

The situation has become serious enough to warrant an FBI investigation in recent days, as several schools were targeted with online threats from “clowns,” according to Star-Telegram archives.

DFW Scanner, a news/media website, says on its Facebook page that it has received more than a dozen messages from people saying they have seen similar incidents.

In Texas on Thursday, a seventh-grade student was removed from a Corpus Christi school after encouraging others to dress up as clowns and “commit acts of violence.”

The first reported sightings of clowns this year occurred in South Carolina in August, when children said clowns who live deep in the woods offered them money to follow them deeper into the woods.


FORT WORTH - Rumors of sightings of people dressed as clowns have spread across social media, leading school districts and authorities across North Texas to investigate the reports. 

Monday, the Dallas Independent School District confirmed an investigation with police was underway into alleged sightings. 

"The safety and security of students is our No. 1 priority," wrote Dallas ISD in a tweet. "We are aware of the 'clown' threats and the situation is under control."

Richardson ISD also commented after there were reports that schools were in lock downs after clowns were spotted in the area. District officials said the rumors were unfounded and schools weren't placed on a lock down. 

"Like some other school districts in the area, RISD schools have been the subject of various non-specific online 'clown threats' today," the district wrote. "RISD has continued to work with Richardson Police and are treating the online posts as hoaxes. There have not been credible threats made against any RISD school. All RISD schools have operated today on a normal schedule, without disruption or lockdown."

Late Sunday in Fort Worth, police responded to an unusual call after a concerned resident reported seeing a person dressed as a clown running down the sidewalk and yelling.

 Follow
 Dallas ISD ✔ @dallasschools
#DallasISD Police and Dallas Police are investigating all leads relating to clown threats. We will continue to monitor & share information.
11:57 AM - 3 Oct 2016
  305 305 Retweets   375 375 likes
The call came out at 11:30 p.m. in a residential area in the 5800 block of Melanie Lane, near I-35W and Loop 820 in North Fort Worth.

Officers couldn't find the supposed clown, however, and no report was taken, as they couldn'tt determine that a criminal offense had occurred.

Garland PD reports that someone called at about 2 a.m. Sunday about a man dressed as a clown standing in the 600 block of Parker Circle near Highway 66 and Davidson.  No clown was found, no report was taken.


Video was also circulating on Facebook of an alleged sighting in Irving. However, the video is dark and the figure unclear. Some images in which posters have claimed were taken in North Texas have been linked back to previous sightings from other areas in the country through a quick Google image search. 

 Follow
 Stephen King ✔ @StephenKing
Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria--most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.
2:00 PM - 3 Oct 2016
  7,966 7,966 Retweets   15,986 15,986 likes
Since August, people across the country have been on edge after various reports of clown sightings in more than 10 states.

The reports have varied in nature and some of them have been deemed to be false.

Regardless, authorities across the nation are taking each situation seriously.

Last week several schools in Cincinnati, Ohio closed because a woman reported being attacked by a male dressed as a clown.

On Friday threats posted on Facebook claimed that clowns were going to kidnap students and kill teachers. This caused several schools nationwide to take precautionary action, including heightened security and lock downs.

In August, children in Greenville, South Carolina reported clowns were trying to lure them into the woods with money, although those claims have yet to be substantiated and no arrests have been made.
America has a waking nightmare on its hands. No, not the prospect of President Donald Trump or climate change killing us all—well, yes those things—but in addition, our nation is also being plagued by creepy clowns. Reported sightings began in South Carolina on August 21 and have since spread to at least 10 states.

Are we safe here in Washington? Nope. According to Tacoma paper The News Tribune, clowns have been spotted hanging out in the woods and hiding under bridges in Pierce County. You know, the usual places where clowns hang out.

In response to the reports of jesters, Pierce County spokesperson Ed Troyer told The News Tribune: "It's not illegal to be a clown."

Here is a video of a clown walking down the street in Tacoma: Reports of clowns have also spread to Spokane, where the Grant County Sheriff took to Twitter to calm clown-related hysteria: Apparently, the clowns have infiltrated our bastions of higher education, as well.

According to a warning posted in a Washington State University greek organization's Facebook group, this clown was hanging out on Greek Row yesterday evening. We guess he didn't have class this morning. Note the clown is holding what looks like a pizza box. Clowns gotta eat, too.

We did some actual journalism on this story and reached out to the Pullman Police department who told us that neither they, nor WSU campus police, have received reports about clowns around campus: "We saw some chatter about it on Twitter, so at this point it appears to be a social media rumor."

Sure.
ONE POLICE PLAZA — The NYPD has a message for New Yorkers ahead of Halloween: Don't fear the creepy clowns.

There have been dozens of reported sightings of terrifying-looking clowns across the country and even reports that scary clowns have tried to lure kids into the woods.

Clown threats have even popped up over social media in the New York City area, NYPD Deputy Counterterrorism Commissioner John Miller said Monday.

But after the NYPD's threat analysis unit looked into it, police say there's nothing to fear.

"I guess our main message is: 'Don't believe the hype and don't be afraid of the clowns,'" Miller said during a crime briefing at police headquarters.

So far, the creepy clown sightings have popped up in about 20 states. Miller says they originated in North Carolina in 2016, but reports are that they've been an issue since 1981.

"We've traced some of these back to individuals, some of these back to fake websites," Miller said.

The number of threats generally rises as Halloween approaches, he said.

"We've drilled down this in New York as we've had different Facebook threats...different online threats. So far we've found none of these to be credible," said Miller.

Even the report of a creepy clown trying to lure a child into the woods in South Carolina couldn't be substantiated by police.

Still, the NYPD isn't taking any chances. The 109th Precinct in Flushing tweeted out a warning about the hoaxes early Monday.

The NYPD is trying to not overreact to these reports.

"We have tried to avoid falling into the trap of putting extra police protection or presence where we've had these," Miller said.

"Again, we're tracking them, we're tracing them but our people that deal in the threat world everyday and assess these threats have found none of them to be credible," he added.
There’s a chill in the air, Halloween is approaching, and America finds itself besieged on all sides by reports of evil clowns. The clowns first appeared in August in South Carolina, when children started telling police that a group of clowns had offered them money to accompany them to their home deep in the forest. Over the course of September, clown sightings have sprung up in multiple states, leading to arrests, dubious official warnings, and a flurry of media reports crying hoax or mass hysteria. Most of these reports treat the wave of evil clown sightings as a new development, spread by social media–crazy millennials.

But a careful look at the public record reveals a startling truth: There’s nothing new about America’s love affair with terrifying clowns trying to lure our children away. Consider just a few of the clown encounters reported over the past 35 years, which I just looked up today while researching this article and are definitely not written out by hand in a notebook labeled “CLOWN INFESTATION: THE SECRET HISTORY” at the bottom of my desk drawer, so I don’t know where you even got that idea:

Advertisement 
May 1981, Brookline, Massachusetts: America’s decades of clown sorrow begin at Lawrence Elementary when children report two clowns driving a black van offering them candy. School principals are warned about the clown threat, leading to a rash of reported sightings across Boston. No clowns are ever found.

May 1981, Kansas City, Missouri: A few days after the Brookline incidents begin, police in Kansas City receive multiple reports of a knife-wielding clown in a yellow van. Parents of children attending Our Lady & St. Rose school are informed of the situation via a letter from school administrators reading, in part, “There have been reports of a character called Killer Clown jumping out of bushes and threatening children with a knife.”

June 1981: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania: Reports of “menacing clowns” begin in Pittsburgh. The Pittsburgh police are the first to draw a connection between the clown sightings—which occurred in black neighborhoods in Pittsburgh and Kansas City—and the Atlanta Child Murders the summer before, which also targeted black children. However, the Boston-area clowns were sighted mostly in white neighborhoods.

March 1988, Louisville, Kentucky: Across a three-county area, children suddenly begin calling police with stories of a malevolent clown offering rides in a red pickup truck, and, in one case, pursuing a child on foot. No arrests are made and the pickup truck–driving clown vanishes without a trace.

Advertisement 
Oct. 1991, Erie, Pennsylvania: More than 40 children (and some of their parents) report a clown prowling area backyards and looking through windows. A local bank is robbed by a man in a clown suit, but police dismiss him as “a copycat clown” once he is apprehended. The original clown gets away clean.

Oct. 1991, Chicago: As things in Erie get eerie, the Chicago police are also overwhelmed with reports from local schoolchildren of a man dressed as Homey D. Clown from In Living Color, offering them candy to ride in his van. Children variously report the van to be blue, white, or red but agree that it has the words, “Ha-ha” painted on the side. An eighth-grader claims to have punched the clown in the nose. At least one elementary school sends a letter home to parents warning them about the clown epidemic; another schedules more patrols of the school grounds. Several weeks later, in Elgin, an adult reports seeing a clown abduct a girl. By this point, “suspicious clowns” have been reported to police in Evanston and Joliet, too. Total number of clowns behind bars at the end of this clown spree: no clowns.

Sept. 1992, Rock Hill, South Carolina: A wave of clown sightings comes to an end when four teenage boys are arrested for dressing as clowns and terrorizing local children. The boys aren’t charged, as authorities cannot find a law they broke. At the subdivision that is the epicenter of the clown appearances, one resident has put a hand-painted sign reading “Mr. Clown, We Are All Watching You.”

Oct. 1992, Galveston, Texas: The police and local news outlets are flooded with calls about an evil clown after a small girl reports that a clown attempted to kidnap her. This time, the clown is sighted almost exclusively near schools. Police downplay the veracity of the reports after their investigations lead to the capture of exactly zero clowns.

Advertisement 
June 1994, Washington, D.C.: In the Seventh District, police receive multiple reports of a clown trying to lure children into his van. They decline to investigate. By November, the lack of police attention to this case—as well as the disappearance of a small boy in the neighborhood—is held up by local activists as examples of police ignoring or disbelieving crimes reported by black citizens.

Aug. 1997, South Brunswick, New Jersey: Six clown incidents occur in South Brunswick and Howell in a matter of weeks. Local children report a clown leaping from behind trees outside local housing projects then laughing maniacally. Police step up patrols in the area but claim the sightings are unrelated. In late August, a man who, according to police, did not have “an adult’s mental capacity” is identified as the clown and sent for psychiatric evaluation. The man offers no explanation for his actions.

Oct. 2008, Chicago: Exactly 17 years after the Homie D. Clown incidents, Chicago is again visited by a mysterious child-luring clown. The story is ignored by the newspapers, but the local news lets parents know about the police alert warning of a clown driving “a white or brown van.”

Oct. 2014, Fishers, Indiana: A local resident manages to take a picture of a creepy clown that starts appearing around town. The clown does not have a van for once but is holding balloons.

Advertisement 
Aug. 2016, Greenville, South Carolina: The current wave of clown sightings begins.

Since stories of evil clowns terrorizing children are often met with skepticism—I assume—I offer a partial bibliography. If you have a free wall in your apartment, you’ll probably want to get copies of these and thumbtack them to a giant map of the United States, just to get the full picture:

“Pupils Warned of Clowns,” Boston Globe, May 7, 1981
“ ‘Killer Clown’ Menaces Schoolchildren,” Arizona Republic, May 23, 1981
“ ‘Clown’ is Sought in Kansas, Missouri,” St. Louis Post Dispatch, May 24, 1981
“Police Find Reports of Clowns Not Funny,” the Courier-Journal, March 18, 1988
“Too Much Clowning Around,” Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Oct. 5, 1991
“Police Taking Clown Sightings Seriously,” Chicago Tribune, Oct. 11, 1991
“Police Aren’t Laughing at These Clowns,” Northwest Herald, Oct. 21, 1991
“Teen-agers Play Clown Prank,” Greenwood Index-Journal, Sept. 4, 1992
“Clown Calls Pour In,” Galveston Daily News, Oct. 30, 1992
“Clown No Laughing Matter,” Afro-American Red Star, June 11, 1994
“Police Doubt Link Between Clown Sightings,” Asbury Park Press, Aug. 21, 1997
“Howell Police Say Mystery of Clown Solved,” Asbury Park Press, Aug. 28, 1997
“ ‘Creepy Clown’ Creates a Stir,” Indianapolis Star, Oct. 18, 2014

And those are only the incidents that made the papers! Now, apropos of nothing, here are a few facts about Pennywise the Clown, an ostensibly fictional creature who preys on children, as described in Stephen King’s novel It:

Advertisement 
FACT: Pennywise, with his red tufts of hair and ruffled collar, loosely resembles Bozo the Clown and—significantly—“Homey D. Clown” from In Living Color.
FACT: Pennywise emerges roughly every 27 years to go on a rampage in the (fictional) town of Derry, Maine. So Pennywise appearances come in waves—much like the 1981, 1991, and 2016 clusters of evil clown sightings.
FACT: Although Pennywise can be seen by some adults, for the most part he targets children. Similarly, very few adults have reported seeing evil clowns, but many children have. This is just what you’d expect if a Pennywise—or even several Pennywises—were on the loose.
FACT: Residents and officials of Derry downplay reports of clown sightings and generally find a scapegoat each time Pennywise appears—in one case, a teenager. Sounds an awful lot like those poor teenagers in Rock Hill, doesn’t it?
FACT: Rather than train an elite clown-fighting brigade, the Derry police department attempts to battle Pennywise through flyers warning children about a curfew. Notice anything familiar about this flyer from Greenwood, South Carolina?
FACT: Pennywise often carries a bunch of balloons—just like the clown in Fishers, Indiana.
FACT: Upon rereading It, you may notice that many of the “voices” that character Richie Tozier becomes famous for turn out to be super-duper racist.
FACT: It was published in Sept. 1986, after the first wave of clown sightings. The law of causality scientifically proves that Stephen King’s book can’t have caused the wave of evil clowns in 1981. However, it is possible that the evil clowns—or people trying to warn us about the evil clowns—caused It to be written.
We’re just reporting the facts here; Slate readers will have to draw their own conclusions. It’s certainly possible that an alarming number of American cities don’t have evil clowns living deep beneath their sewers and that this is all a case of mass hysteria. Maybe it’s the kind of thing that gets passed between schoolchildren, and is basically harmless before their parents overreact to it. And maybe in 2018 or 2020, kids will start reporting clown sightings again, and it won’t be any more real than it is today. But here’s the question the mainstream media isn’t asking: Isn’t that exactly what the evil clowns living deep beneath our sewers would want you to think?
At about 7 p.m. Sunday, 14-year-old Brooklyn Bergquist claims she was chased by a young man wearing a light-up clown mask while she was walking home near East 44th Avenue and South Bowdish Road in Spokane Valley. She ran to a friend’s house and called her mom.

That same night, 17-year-old Tyler Clinedinst claims to have been chased by a clown wielding a pair of knives on the Centennial Trail between Lake City High School and Bluegrass Park in Coeur d’Alene. He quickly fled to a friend’s house, whose mother called the police.

For the past few months, Anne Long, who lives in the Emerson-Garfield Neighborhood area of Spokane, has regularly seen a clown in her alley.

“One time I was in my yard and he just kind of glanced over at me,” the 65-year-old said. “I can’t tell if it’s makeup or a mask.”

These sightings, while unsettling on their own, follow a national trend of “creepy clowns” popping up across the United States. Clown sightings have been reported in at least 10 states, including Idaho and Washington. Reports of clowns and clown-related threats have surfaced in Lynnwood, Puyallup, Tacoma and Moses Lake, in addition to Spokane and Coeur d’Alene.

It all began on Aug. 21 in Greenville, South Carolina, where police investigated a clown with white face paint attempting to lure children into the woods. Since then, a wave of clown hysteria has washed over people’s collective imaginations and phobias, peaking these past few weeks. Multiple news outlets have reported mostly nonviolent clown-related activity, while others have simply written it off as a giant hoax.

Still, the hysteria has had an impact, especially on schools. On Monday, students at some Moses Lake School District schools spent the morning inside the gymnasium before classes started after a student reported receiving a threatening message from a “clown account.” Rogers High School in Puyallup was briefly locked down Tuesday after a sighting of a “creepy clown.”

A Connecticut school district recently announced a ban on clown costumes during this year’s Halloween, amid an investigation by police into the validity of clown-related social media posts.

Students at Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee, reported seeing multiple clowns around campus, prompting several students to roam the parking lots with bats. Students at Washington State University apparently snapped a picture of a clown in a white costume near the university’s Greek Row. One WSU student tweeted Monday, “100+ frat boys roaming Greek row with golf clubs looking for the killer clown. Never felt safer.”

But it’s the validity of eyewitness reports and the ease in which someone can pose as a clown on the internet that has some skeptical – even real clowns.

Sherrie Martin, a professional clown of four years and the owner of Ariel Spokane Performance Art, said she thinks the whole craze is just the internet overreacting.

“Anyone I interact with, that I work on clown with, isn’t reporting any of these experiences to me,” she said. “I’m only seeing this in the media and social media.”

She has a point. Thousands of people took to Twitter with the hashtag #IfISeeAClown to vent their fears and frustration with clowns and the recent clown hysteria. A video of a clown chasing a pair of men was shared more than 18 million times. And the search term “Clown” skyrocketed on Google in the past week.

Famed horror author Stephen King – who penned “It,” a story about a killer clown – even joined in, tweeting Monday, “Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria – most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.”

Insane Clown Posse, a rap duo out of Detroit who dress up in clown makeup and have a dedicated fan base called “juggalos,” have also taken to social media to denounce the recent hysteria on Twitter, saying it’s “a giant hoax.” They tweeted a link to a recent Rolling Stones article, which lambasts the clown sightings as just that: a hoax.

Law enforcement officials, however, have taken sightings seriously, albeit with a grain of salt. Officials in Cheney, Spokane and Coeur d’Alene all confirmed having received phone calls related to clowns in the past few days, but so far, no arrests have been made.

Gary Gasseling, deputy chief of Eastern Washington University Police Department, said his department takes all calls seriously, but that hasn’t stopped him and other officers from joking about the ridiculousness of the “clown craze.” He said he was somewhat shocked and amazed to find out how many students at EWU were talking about clowns.

“With everything else that’s wrong in this world, we’re worrying about creepy clowns. There’s absolutely nothing illegal about dressing up as a clown,” Gasseling said.

Most people online have posted benign jokes or humorous pictures or GIFs (a compression format for images) making light of the situation. But some have taken a more sinister route, saying they would hurt or kill a clown if they saw one.

“I swear to God if I see a clown, and im driving, I’m gonna run that ***** over,” one Twitter user wrote. Others on the internet have flat-out said they’ll shoot someone wearing a clown costume and “won’t lose sleep over it.”

And it’s reactions like this that have law enforcement officials most on edge – especially with Halloween around the corner.

“I’m worried that some juvenile or younger adult will go running around in clown costumes,” said Spokane County Sheriff’s Deputy Mark Gregory. “Because of the hysteria and tension or fear people are having, something could happen and somebody could get hurt.”

Gregory said he’d personally taken a couple clown-related calls from concerned residents. He said two were second-hand – of somebody they knew seeing a clown – and the other was of somebody seeing a social media post of a clown online.

And unlike the three armed men dressed as clowns who were arrested in Belmont County, Ohio, Gregory said the clown activity in Spokane has been mostly tame, from what he can tell.

“As far as I know, we have not identified or caught anyone in a clown costume,” he said. “It’s merely people in clown stuff.”
Creepy clowns have dominated news headlines over the last few months, with reports from people feeling threatened or just plain creeped out in at least 32 states.

Claims have ranged from kids saying clowns were trying to lure them into the woods, to people seeing them lurking on running trails. Some reports have been confirmed as hoaxes, but others come with photo proof.

These news headlines are creating profit for many Halloween retailers across the country. Halloween sales already add up to an estimated $7 billion in the U.S. each year; and it now appears a big part of that number will come from clown costumes.

“Clown mask sales are up more than [300%] from a year ago the same period online,” Brad Butler of national Halloween costume chain Halloween Express told Eye Opener TV Tuesday.
“In the top 10, eight of them are ‘evil’ clown masks this season whereas last year, five of the top 10 were ‘evil,’” Butler added.

Eye Opener TV also reached out to national Halloween pop-up store chain Spirit Halloween. They declined to comment on their sales, strangely citing a policy not to comment on ongoing police investigations.Creepy clowns have dominated news headlines over the last few months, with reports from people feeling threatened or just plain creeped out in at least 32 states.

Claims have ranged from kids saying clowns were trying to lure them into the woods, to people seeing them lurking on running trails. Some reports have been confirmed as hoaxes, but others come with photo proof.

These news headlines are creating profit for many Halloween retailers across the country. Halloween sales already add up to an estimated $7 billion in the U.S. each year; and it now appears a big part of that number will come from clown costumes.

“Clown mask sales are up more than [300%] from a year ago the same period online,” Brad Butler of national Halloween costume chain Halloween Express told Eye Opener TV Tuesday.
“In the top 10, eight of them are ‘evil’ clown masks this season whereas last year, five of the top 10 were ‘evil,’” Butler added.

Eye Opener TV also reached out to national Halloween pop-up store chain Spirit Halloween. They declined to comment on their sales, strangely citing a policy not to comment on ongoing police investigations. Wal-Mart and Party City didn’t immediately respond to requests for preliminary sales data.

With all these sightings and reports of children feeling threatened, we asked former prosecutor, licensed peace officer and defense attorney Pete Schulte if law enforcement or stores should keep track of sales of clown costumes.
Schulte said, “No.”

“[The costumes] aren’t illegal. Even what they’re doing with the costumes is not against the law,” Schulte said.

“Creepy, yes. Illegal, no.”

So if you’re thinking of jumping on the creepy clown bandwagon this Halloween, you’ll have a lot of company. And, judging by the costume sales data released to Eye Opener TV, it doesn’t look like reports of sightings will stop any time soon.
OMAHA, Neb. (WOWT) - Concern about threatening Facebook messages referencing clowns has Omaha police investigating numerous calls about threats of violence directed at schools coming from online profiles of clowns.

OPD posted this statement on its Facebook page Tuesday:

"We are aware of the recent reports of people dressed in clown costumes threatening to take a gun to Omaha schools. As soon as we were made aware of these threats we started an investigation. Anytime there is a threat of someone bringing or having a gun at school, we take those threats very seriously. Also, if the threat is made on social media it can and will eventually be tracked to the person responsible. If caught, the violator can face charges of disorderly conduct and/or making terrorist threats.

Thank you to all of the people who notified us of this threat. We have identified a party responsible for one of the threats and are working to identify the others. If you have information of anyone threatening harm in our schools we ask that you contact Crime Stoppers at 402-444-STOP or the Omaha Police at 402-444-5818.

Halloween is approaching quickly and given that this clown phenomenon has been occurring across the country and causing some communities to become fearful, we are advising at this time that people should consider the consequences of dressing up like a clown and attempting to cause fear in others."

Omaha Public Schools tells WOWT 6 News it has been working closely with police who tell them the threats are likely a hoax. These local incidents appear similar to reports around the country. Clown sightings have captured headlines recently as the eerie epidemic popped up on social media.

In Grand Island, three boys are accused of dressing up as clowns over the weekend and threatening people with knives. The teens were cited for making terroristic threats.

All this prompted OPS to send the following message to parents:

"We wanted to make you aware that several of our high schools and a few of our middle schools have fielded calls from concerned parents regarding students discussing reports of individuals with a clown persona committing potential acts of violence at area schools. We are aware that some other school districts in the metro may have received similar reports. Please note that this has also been a topic in national news and in the majority of instances has been deemed a hoax.

Nonetheless, we wanted parents to be aware that Omaha Public Schools (our Safety Department) is working with the Omaha Police Department to investigate these reports to assess their validity. Please know that student safety is our number one priority. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call your building principal."

Lincoln Public Schools sent out a similar message to parents on Tuesday.
NORTH ANDOVER, Mass. - A shelter-in-place order was lifted at a Massachusetts college after authorities determined there wasn't a suspicious person dressed as a clown and possibly armed with a rifle on campus.

This incident is part of a trend across the country, in which reports are coming in of creepy clowns -- armed or not -- threatening violence. Criminologist Jack Levin tells FOX25 copycat crimes are always a concern and the reason clowns are particular scary in this regard is the original "clown killer," John Wayne Gacy.

Gacy was a notorious serial killer who dressed as a clown. 

"During the 70s, [he] killed 33 people and buried them in the crawl space under his home, he was called the killer clown," Levin explained. 

In the decades since, Levin says there have been periods where clown images have been used to incite fear and says the rash of threats on social media this week are just following the trend

"There is a criminal that gets a thrill, a sadistic thrill, from making people scared," Levin said. 

Merrimack College had issued the order Monday night after police received reports of the person. Andover and North Andover police both reported finding no clown and no weapons.

The images of clowns -- and promises of violence -- have gripped students and parents across the area in the past 24 hours.

"You don't really need a costume, you don't really need makeup, all you need to do is have access to the internet and that's enough to scare people to death," Levin said.

Police agree and say, so far, none of the threats or reported clown sightings have been credible. 

Merrimack College spokesman Jim Chavelli says someone saw the school listed on a "Clown Watch" list on social media and alerted campus officials.

Several other areas near Boston have been dealing with reports of creepy clowns:

Merrimack College - North Andover MA
Emmanuel College - Boston MA
UMass Amherst - Amherst, MA
Univ. Rhode Island - Kingston, RI
Univ. of NH - Durham, NH
Univ. of Maine - Orono, ME
Agawam, MA
Northbridge, MA
Dedham HS - Dedham, MA
Walpole HS - Walpole, MA
South Shore Vo Tech - Hanover, MA

Am I the only one that thinks it's ok to shoot these crazy people, that have been dressing like clowns the last few months. Highguy4706 2 points 5 months ago 
Iirc it started about this time last year. At least most of the videos from home security cams come from then. But I agree someone chases me with a knife dressed as a clown and I'm gonna shoot them.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]ShivaCommini 2 points 5 months ago 
no dude i agree. seriously, even if they dont attack me, just follow me, am i allowed to do something savage like break their kneecap or stab them in the leg?
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]RaulAmieva 2 points 5 months ago 
I think it's ok if they have a knife or something like this. That's scary but if someone run to me I gonna shot them
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]artisticowl[S] 1 point 5 months ago 
I don't like clowns one bit lol
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Torque57 1 point 5 months ago 
ok greetings citizens of reddit i am callin for a gathering on halloween night we gonna hunt dem crazy ass clowns i rly dont give a shit what you bring aks, glock 18s , fuggin shot guns we go kill dem niggaz. im 4 rl im goin all out we go fuggin rise against these fools if you want to join just reply and ill set up a meeting wit you
Reports of creepy clowns at Penn State caused supposed “riots” as mobs of students engaged in “clown hunting” on October 3.

The groups of students – reported to be, minimally, in the hundreds – roamed around the Pennsylvania campus until early in the morning of October 4 after clowns were supposedly spotted at Penn State.

It was the latest bizarre report of supposedly creepy clowns terrorizing communities and campuses. See a list of clown reports from around the country. From South Carolina to Wisconsin, reports of creepy clowns have terrorized people, resulted in arrests, and put schools on lock down.

Penn State Clown Riot pic.twitter.com/B2zwq1RzRs

— Clown Sightings (@ClownsSightings) October 4, 2016

Some people called it a clown “riot.”

CLOWNS have caused riots and clown hunting at penn state this is the end pic.twitter.com/5rmRVTBLgT

— Emma Karpinski (@Emmakarpinskiii) October 4, 2016

Here’s what you need to know:

1. Hundreds of People Reportedly Chased Clowns Around Penn State By some reports, there were 1,000 students who joined in the clown hunt. Other reports said hundreds of students were chasing clowns. The official estimate was that 500 students joined in the clown searching mob, said CentreDaily.com.

Word spread that “three clowns” had been seen on campus. There were reports that police were shutting down streets because of clown sightings on the Penn State campus. People said part of the campus was on lock down.

Some students posted that people were chasing after supposed clowns with hockey sticks. 2. Campus Police Said They Don’t Think There Really Were Clowns, Though The Daily Collegian student newspaper reported that campus police said there were actually no clowns. After all of that.

CentreDaily.com reported that Penn State police Sgt. Mike Nelson said there were no clown sightings or credible clown threat.

“Fortunately, there was no property damage, no injury and no violence,” Nelson said, according to CentreDaily.com. “And there were no sightings.”

He added, according to the news site: “The cause of this specifically was social media,” Nelson said. “If there were any clowns with this many students out there and with our police responding to calls, we would have ran into it.”

Others thought people were looking in the wrong place for campus clowns. Some people couldn’t help but get political. Such is the nature of our times.

Clowns at Penn State? … thanks Obama pic.twitter.com/i8wbozE8XI

— Eric Corry (@EricCorry) October 4, 2016

Some people were just hiding out (and exercising a little hyperbole, probably). People said there were so many people out “hunting clowns” that it looked like a football game.

3. The Penn State 'Clown Hunt' Sparked a Twitter Frenzy The Penn State “clowns” created a Twitter storm, with many people expressing a phobia for clowns of any kind. It was not clear whether anyone at Penn State actually saw a clown, though.

Even the mention of “clowns” freaks some people out. The Penn State “clowns” created a Twitter storm, with many people expressing a phobia for clowns of any kind. It was not clear whether anyone at Penn State actually saw a clown, though.

Even the mention of “clowns” freaks some people out. The Penn State “clowns” created a Twitter storm, with many people expressing a phobia for clowns of any kind. It was not clear whether anyone at Penn State actually saw a clown, though.

Even the mention of “clowns” freaks some people out. The Penn State “clowns” created a Twitter storm, with many people expressing a phobia for clowns of any kind. It was not clear whether anyone at Penn State actually saw a clown, though.

Even the mention of “clowns” freaks some people out. Hundreds of people were reportedly out looking for clowns. The most common posts on social media expressed fear of clowns or mocked other people for going outside to look for clowns.

Other 'Creepy Clowns' Have Caused Scares in Pennsylvania Schools It wasn’t the first creepy clown report in Pennsylvania. Earlier reports that clown-associated threatening social media posts were targeting K-12 schools in Philadelphia caused concern among authorities. There was nothing about potential clowns on the Penn State Twitter page the evening of October 3.

Some people noted the absurdity of college students “rioting” over clown reports. There was nothing about potential clowns on the Penn State Twitter page the evening of October 3.

Some people noted the absurdity of college students “rioting” over clown reports. People posted generally grainy videos of the clown panic. The one guarantee in all of it: Some people were just having fun. Other people, really, truly, hate clowns.

5. Other College Campuses Around the Country Were Dealing with Their Own 'Creepy Clown' Problem Penn State wasn’t the only college campus enduring a creepy clown episode. According to USA Today, police at Merrimack College in North Andover, Massachusetts said reports of an armed clown sighting there were a hoax.

There was this report out of UIC Illinois:

they just arrested a clown on my campus. i am livid. pic.twitter.com/xkliyWyY7j

— Ilyas Ashar (@ellyorwhatever) October 4, 2016

Clowns were also reported at the University of Dayton on October 2. Lesli @LesliElizabeth6
All hell has broke loose at UD. One person says there are clowns and 300 are now clown hunting. Looks like the purge on campus.
11:05 PM - 3 Oct 2016 · University of Dayton
  8 8 Retweets   21 21 likes
 Follow
 jared belfort @JaredKempner
Clowns on UD campus cops everywhere smh
11:45 PM - 2 Oct 2016
Scores of rioting Penn State students sparked pandemonium early Tuesday when they flooded the campus and downtown streets after word quickly spread online that the nationwide rash of creepy clown sightings has hit the area.

Videos posted to social media show hundreds of rowdy students chanting and running through the streets after midnight on the hunt for the alleged bozos.

Twitter user Addison Carson posted a video of the mob scene with the caption, “3 Clowns spotted at PSU allegedly. So naturally 6,000 kids mob the streets to hunt it down. I love Penn State.”

Instead of pitchforks, some rioting students carried tennis rackets, lacrosse sticks, baseball bats and hockey sticks as they poured through the area hoping to spot the clowns, OnwardState.com reported.
In one video on Instagram, the crowd can be seen running as someone calls out, “Where the clowns at!” The caption on the post read, “When someone posts in the #PSU2020 Facebook group that there is a clown,” along with the hashtag “#PennStateClownMob.”

Another Twitter video shows a throng of students holding flashlights gathered around a tree on the college campus as one student in the tree falls out.

“Alleged clown spotted on Penn State University campus!” Twitter user @Errvvv captioned the clip. An image depicting the demonic clown in the horror flick “It” was projected on the side of an apartment building at the college.
“No matter where you come from. No matter your color, your religion, your creed. No matter who you’re voting for, we can all agree on one thing – f—k that clown!” a shirtless man can be heard shouting in an online video in an attempt to rile up gathering students.

A “Penn State Clown” Twitter page even popped up during the riots.

“I wouldn’t have worn this much makeup if I knew y’all were such cross country running mother—kers,” tweeted @pennstateclown.

Another tweet from the account read, “You know how hard it is to run in these floppy ass shoes?”

The clown rebellion prompted a police response. There were no real sightings of clowns known to authorities, the Centre Daily Times reported.

“Fortunately, there was no property damage, no injury and no violence,” Penn State police Sgt. Mike Nelson told the college newspaper. “And there were no sightings.”

Clown sightings and threats have been reported in states across the country including Alabama, New Jersey, Ohio, Oregon, South Carolina, and most recently New York.

The NYPD’s terror chief, John Miller, told New Yorkers Monday, “Don’t be afraid of the clowns,” adding that the police department has found no credible threat.
A creepy epidemic is sweeping the nation in the form of clown threats, clown sightings and even made-up clown encounters, further exacerbating people's coulrophobia, the term for a fear of clowns, with the mere mention of a clown enough to send some towns into a frenzy.

The problem has become so widespread that even the White House weighed in today after a reporter noted during the White House press briefing that "creepy clown" sightings had led to more than a dozen arrests, and that local law enforcement agencies are asking for assistance from the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security on how to handle the "phenomenon."

"Obviously, this is a situation that local law enforcement authorities take quite seriously and they should carefully and thoroughly review, you know, perceived threats to the safety of the community and they should do so prudently," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said today.
This is believed to be the first time the topic of "creepy clowns" has been brought up during a press briefing at the White House. Earnest said he was unsure if the president had been briefed on the clown situation. A plethora of clown activity has occurred just this past week.

Philadelphia police said Monday that a 13-year-old girl who made clown threats on Instagram indicated that they were pranks and that she never intended to harm anyone. But in Virginia, a 13-year-old girl was arrested Monday for allegedly soliciting an individual on social media who uses a clown as the profile picture to murder one of her teachers, according to the Hampton Police Division.


A 14-year-old in Texas was also charged for making clown-related terroristic threats online, which were discovered by police Monday night, according to the Livingston Police Department. The Livingston Independent School Department said the threats were found to not be credible, but stressed that it takes all threats "seriously."

School officials in New Haven, Connecticut, are playing it safe during the Halloween holiday season by banning costumes of any "symbols of terror amid a police investigation photos posted to Instagram with captions telling several schools to "watch out" and "wait and see" whether the alleged threats are fake, The Associated Press reported. However, school officials said in a statement Monday that there's "no indication" that the posts pose any real threat to students. That message was reiterated by New Haven police during a news conference today.

Meanwhile, in Reading, Ohio, an 18-year-old allegedly fabricated a story about being attacked by a knife-wielding clown because she was late to work and didn't want to lose her job, said Reading Police Chief Scott Snow. The woman described the clown quite vividly, saying he was wearing a clown suit, a red wig and white facial makeup with a teardrop drawn on his left cheek, according to ABC affiliate WCPO.

Coincidentally, the woman's false report had nothing to do with the closure of all junior and senior high schools in Reading, which were shut down Friday after a woman was allegedly assaulted by a man dressed as a clown, possibly a juvenile, who made threats toward the school, Snow said.

The recent uptick in scary clown activity isn't entirely a new phenomenon, Slate reported on Monday, noting that a wave of evil clown sightings happens every few years.

And with Halloween fast approaching, it may take a while for the trend to subside.
LUMBERTON - A Lumberton woman says she was attacked by man in a clown mask early Tuesday morning outside her home.

The woman, Kelli, who asked to be identified by her first name only, tells 12News that the attack happened on Raider Lane in Lumberton.

Lumberton Police Chief Danny Sullins tells 12News that his officers responded to the woman's home at about 1 a.m. Tuesday and filed a report.

Sullins said the 39 year-old woman received minor injuries after she reported she was attacked by a man in a mask.
00:00
/
00:00
00:00
12News contacted Hardin County Sheriff Ed Cain who said his office had received reports of clowns in the county but his deputies had not found any and had no reports of clown attacks. This Lumberton woman says she is scared and, fearing for her safety is asking us to only identify her as Kelli.

She says she was outside of her apartment last night after midnight when she saw a tall man, in black clothes and a clown mask standing down the street at least 50 feet away.

"I immediately turned to run and he caught up with me, he grabbed the back of my head and grabbed my hair and slung me down to the ground," Kelli said.

She says she was dragged through gravel outside her home causing these injuries, including ligament damage in her elbow.

She filed a police report before going to the hospital, where she says she was still in shock.

"It could've been so much worse, I have no idea who it was, I don't know if it was someone running around playing jokes and this one went too far," Kelli said.

She took to Facebook where she posted to let her family and friends know what happened. Ironically enough, when we were looking through her posts, it was just two hours before the attack that she was taunting in another post.
She called the post a freak coincidence, saying it was never intended to taunt and hopes others take it as a warning sign.

"I just think people need to be safe and keep an eye out for their children and when they go outside at dark they need to watch their surroundings," Kelli said.

She now has firsthand claims that clown threats are no laughing matter. 
A mob of Pennsylvania college students set out to hunt clowns early Tuesday after rumors spread that one was on the loose near campus.
At least 500 students from Pennsylvania State University took to the streets in search for the clown that was supposedly spotted nearby earlier, the Centre Daily Times reports. Footage on social media shows students running together in the streets. Some students wrote on Twitter that the group was “rioting” and chanting, “We are Penn State!”
“Some people run away from clowns, Penn State runs towards them,” one witness tweeted. https://twitter.com/ClownsSightings/status/783174137921409024?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
There were no clown sightings and no credible clown threats, Penn State police Sgt. Mike Nelson told the Centre Daily Times. The group did not cause any damage or injuries.
“The cause of this specifically was social media,” Nelson said. “If there were any clowns with this many students out there and with our police responding to calls, we would have ran into it.”
MESA, AZ (3TV/CBS 5) -
Creepy clown sightings are a trend spooking the nation with threats to schools and safety. Nationwide, incidents include people putting on masks to rob stores, even just to scare people on the street

“It’s not just slapping on some makeup; we take it so seriously. This isn’t an art form. It’s something that we love,” said Terry Ricketts, a spokesman for the APS Volunteer Clown Troupe.

Ricketts, who’s performed as “Malcolm The Clown” since 1969, says rumors and sighting of scary impostor clowns are upsetting.

“What saddens me the most is people are referring to these people as clowns. They’re not,” he said.

Those in clown suits are being attacked and even shot. As a result, Ricketts says there’s heightened awareness at performances, parades and other public events where the troupe performs.

“Safety in any situation is our highest priority. We always talk about keeping eyes on each other, watch where you’re walking, don’t walk away from the group,” said Ricketts.

Easley’s Fun Shop is seeing a normal Halloween uptick in clown costume sales. Iris Tirado, an employee, says it’s impossible to tell who is a copycat that’s taking advantage of the clown hysteria.

“It’s sad because it ruins it for all those good clowns out there, but what can we say?” said Iris Tirado, an employee at Easley’s Fun Shop.

Famed horror author Stephen King also chimed into the situation on his Twitter page, tweeting:

“Hey guys, time to cool down the clown hysteria—most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.”

When encountering clowns in public, Ricketts urges the public to go with their gut.

“We’re going to be painting faces, doing balloons. If it’s midnight, it’s probably not a good thing. Just be cautious,” he said.
What started as a rumor quickly turned into a rally of sorts. Once Penn Staters heard even the faintest mumblings of the word “clown” earlier this evening, students took to the streets and sidewalks of both campus and downtown to hunt the alleged clowns themselves.

Much like anything viral these days, no one is 100 percent sure how the clown chatter started, but Onward State received early reports that there was a clown sighting near Nittany Apartments, which then moved to Pollock and later East Halls. We cannot confirm whether or not there was actually a clown sighting at these or any other campus location on Monday night.

It turns out the rumor (or maybe not) was all Penn Staters needed to take action.

Thousands of students gathered in East, South, and Pollock Halls, at Old Main, and even ran down College Avenue as the talk of clowns disseminated. Word spread quickly thanks to social media and GroupMe chatter and students rushed outside to get a look for themselves.

The gathering started in East Halls where, in minutes, students flooded the quad. Initially only a few students and a couple of Penn State Police Officers on bike, the area soon crowded with hundreds of students and officers both on foot and in their cars. From there, students began migrating down Bigler toward Pollock and South Halls. Traffic on campus was backed up because of the sudden influx.

Some students reported that as they ran from place to place they heard “eerie” clown music and laughter. As the mob grew, some came equipped with baseball bats, hockey sticks, tennis rackets, and golf clubs as weapons while others just took to the pavement to see what all the commotion was about.
Students further disseminated from there, running downtown, hanging off trees, and eventually making their way to Old Main Lawn. You know, the backdrop of some phase of practically every Penn State rally. The clown craze wasn’t only confined to campus. As you can see above, people ran right down the middle of the street on College Ave (at least they were going the correct way). There was also a timely yet creepy image of a clown projected on the side of Beaver Hill.

The first report of a Penn State clown sighting came in at about 11:20 p.m., and by 11:50 students had gathered outside their buildings. There have been various ideas regarding the origin of the clown rumors, but according to university police, there weren’t actually any clowns.

“There was a report that someone saw a clown, but nobody has actually seen a clown,” a Penn State Police officer said when reached by phone. “The crowd was just running in the street — there hasn’t been any vandalism, hasn’t been any loitering. There hasn’t been any criminal activity at all.”

Despite that, police on the scanner said that they have received multiple reports that the reported clown sightings were fraternity pledges put up to the task in line with the national trend of creepy reported clown sightings. Police on the scanner also said around 1:30 a.m. that they were looking for a white Honda Odyssey potentially related to the reported sightings. Police also received alleged reports of people driving around downtown wearing clown masks. By 1:15 a.m., most students found their way back to the rooms, but the clown commotion continued on social media and even picked up national attention. We don’t know if there were actually clowns in Happy Valley tonight, but we do know that Penn Staters will keep track down any clown that does show up.

Chino1130 395 points 5 months ago* 
Several CT school districts have announced a ban of clown costumes for Halloween.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]CyberSoldier8 589 points 5 months ago 
Holy shit, for real? lol.
Pack it up folks, the terrorists have won, hands down. People are afraid of their own shadows.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Braden0732 372 points 5 months ago 
I feel like most people on reddit are too young to remember that, over night, trench coats were banned almost universally in schools after Columbine.
Reactionary policy making is the bread and butter of a publicly funded school system.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]vanishplusxzone 121 points 5 months ago 
My school banned any form of jacket, coat or hoodie since literally no one wore trench coats.
Which was awesome because they kept the classrooms at like 60-65 degrees. "Dress warmer! ...But not like that!"
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]bansheeink 49 points 5 months ago 
This is so lame. This has to be a violation of the right to be warm.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (4 replies)
[–]SoryuAsukaLangley 9 points 5 months ago* 
My middle school at least makes money off of their inconvenient policies. This is a public school with a school uniform and they banned the old uniform from about 5 or 6 years ago and so people who were using their older siblings hand be downs had to go out and buy one of the newer versions.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Bobbled_It 4 points 5 months ago 
are you fucking shitting me? holy crap that makes me upset. one of my friends was the youngest of 3 boys and got SO MANY hand me downs. My favorite were his older brothers corduroys. They were the thick cord type, none of that skinny cord shit that looks like jeans. Well, his brothers liked to party and they played ruit (beer pong) often on tables that would go upto to their thighs. So my friends cords all had the cords worn off completely just in small rectangles where the pleats in pleated pants usually end. It was funny.
Oh and most of the cords around the dick area were also gone. So many over the pants junk adjustments through the years. Oh Stephen, but yeah, I also had the missing dick cords and my cords weren't passed down. Fuck....
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (4 replies)
[+][deleted] 5 months ago (5 children)

[–]cherrybombstation 11 points 5 months ago 
I wore a duster in 2nd grade after watching Arnold in the Terminator because I thought it was cool. No one gave a shit.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]bansheeink 10 points 5 months ago 
2nd grade...? You were 7.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]cherrybombstation 14 points 5 months ago 
I never said I made good decisions. Also I was 6.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]hot_pepper_is_hot 2 points 5 months ago 
You probably don't want to go around posting that on the internet. /s
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (3 replies)
[–]Parallax151 3 points 5 months ago 
Why are you stating his age? Are 7 year olds not allowed to dress up in clothes they think are cool?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (2 replies)
load more comments (3 replies)
[–]deathfaith 21 points 5 months ago 
I am way too young, however a family member of a victim came to speak to my school.
We learned everything. Including pictures of the trenchcoats.
To be fair, the only people in my highschool that wore them were special-ed or creeps. Not sure if that applies to anyone else.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]caques 52 points 5 months ago 
The thing that annoyed me about the whole thing is there was a fairly large group of goth/punk kids in my school who had been wearing trench coats for well before Columbine. It seems u fair to infringe on their cultural expression because of two asshole kids. Had the kids at Columbine been wearing sports jerseys or sweater vest would we have had the same policy?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]yew_anchor 12 points 5 months ago 
One of my cousins had Starter jackets banned at her schools in the 90s because of asshole kids getting into fights over them. The old times were not better, there just wasn't a pervasive internet or social media to bitch about it on so everyone seems to think such bullshit did not occur.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]caques 13 points 5 months ago 
They banned all outerwear in my school when I was in 6th grade, which I believe was around the same time that the shooting happened at Columbine. Me being the asshole kid I was pointed out the fact that the entire administration wore suits, which had jackets. They changed the rule to allow students to wear suits to school, which I promptly began doing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]perogne 9 points 5 months ago 
I got confused and thought you meant that everyone was forced to wear their underwear only. That's humiliating! Then I realized that underwear and outerwear have this middle layer in between that for some reason we just call "clothes".
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (1 reply)
[–]Hatewrecked 39 points 5 months ago 
I think the worry is that a trench coat could conceal a weapon.
But then again, so could a decent parka.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]350zoomin 63 points 5 months ago 
Or you know, a book bag haha
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]DonarArminSkyrari 22 points 5 months ago 
That's why my school tried to force us to use lockers, we weren't supposed to carry backpacks....
Which is why everyone started using "messenger bags" or "gym bags" and the whole system can go duck itself, I ain't gonna be late to the bus because you make me use a stupid locker I don't need or want.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]NMU906 20 points 5 months ago 
It's weird to hear just how different high schools are across the nation. When I was in high school everyone used both lockers and back-packs. I couldn't imagine life without a locker, who has room to fit 6 books and 6 binders in a backpack?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Proditus 5 points 5 months ago* 
For me at least, I think my situation was similar to the poster above. From the time the final bell sounded, I had 5 minutes to get from my classroom to the bus before it left. There is no time to stop and use a locker when you run the risk of missing your bus and having to find another way home. It was simply easier to just carry everything on your person throughout the day, which also eliminated the possibility of forgetting important things in your locker.
As for textbooks, there were ways around it. Only rarely was I required to cart books between the class and home. In most cases, I could leave my books at home because they were only used for homework. In some cases, there would be books that stay in the classroom to be used by multiple classes, and we would either have our own copy at home or just not need them for homework. My backpack could get very heavy at times, but it was manageable. Almost 10 years later and my shoulders only hurt a little bit now.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
continue this thread
[–]SpaghettiDoodle 2 points 5 months ago 
You must have had a small school. Ive went to several high schools, for all but one I had no time to go near my locker throughout the day. Just kept everything with me.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
continue this thread
[–]Crimyote 5 points 5 months ago 
My school did a similar thing but it was all bags. Though the reason had less to do with concealing weapons and more to do with how crowded my school was. The idea was if people weren't all wearing bulky backpacks and coats all through the school there would be more room in the halls. It kinda did help too.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (1 reply)
[–]maverickmonk 2 points 5 months ago 
We weren't allowed to carry a bag after the start of first period until the end of the day.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (2 replies)
load more comments (1 reply)
[–]caques 8 points 5 months ago 
I know it's not your logic, but by that logic we should ban pants because you can fit a knife in your pocket. Part of the reason for the ban was that the boys were in the "trench coat mafia" and it glorified the piece of clothing. I get why they did it, I just don't agree with it.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]hot_pepper_is_hot 6 points 5 months ago 
Ima hate to tell you this, but given the histrionic nature of many adolescents, nude school probably would not work.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Bobbled_It 2 points 5 months ago 
Not really. It's about the ability to conceal a shottie or rifle. Not a knife you could put legit anywhere on your body in any sort of clothing. zorbiburst 1 point 5 months ago 
the boys were in the "trench coat mafia"
Even that was untrue
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Do_Ya_Like_Dags_ 1 point 5 months ago 
You could definitely conceal a weapon in a hockey jersey. Or even a football jersey if it is baggy enough.
Fuck it, spandex for everyone!
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]crashleyelora 1 point 5 months ago 
We had hats banned for the weapon reason too. Didn't make a lot of sense imo.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]RuledbyShmoopie 1 point 5 months ago 
There is a video decrying baggy clothes and a kid keeps pulling weapons out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Epeo8Pfm1xM
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Parallax151 1 point 5 months ago 
It's easy to conceal a weapon anywhere on you regardless of almost anything you're wearing.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Bobbled_It 1 point 5 months ago 
It seems u fair to infringe on their cultural expression because of two asshole kids.
bro, all those tools who give Scions a bad name are infringing on my culteral expression! When they first came out I thought they were very cool! Only to have every tool in the known world buy one and immediately make them undesirable. Oh well, guess I'm glad that happened after all lol
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]chadderbox 1 point 5 months ago 
"Oh my God is that a Smiths album? The Cure? Nine Inch Nails... My son must be planning to kill people..."
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]caques 1 point 5 months ago 
or himself
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Clinton_Kill_List 1 point 5 months ago 
Yeah the trenchcoat mafia of like goth kids I so remember that. Those columbine kids fucked it up for all of them.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Upperphonny 5 points 5 months ago 
"To be fair, the only people in my highschool that wore them were special-ed or creeps. Not sure if that applies to anyone else."
Mmmmm'Lady
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]OSRS_SirTaco 4 points 5 months ago 
My school banned any sort of backpack after a series of fake bomb threats. Ever Student had to carry everything in their arms.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]ado010 4 points 5 months ago 
Because dying to a bomb that you can see instead of one in a bag makes all the difference in the world! hot_pepper_is_hot 1 point 5 months ago 
Just think of the glorious sense of revenge the administration felt while making, and then implementing the new policy. It was probably the high point of their entire lives for everyone involved.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]twerpaderp 1 point 5 months ago 
My school received so many bomb threats through the computer network on campus, that if you were able to type or "change windows fast" teachers would completely discriminate against you as a potential threat to the lives of others.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TyranosaurusLex 1 point 5 months ago 
I remember being confused why my neo costume was now outlawed
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]gamalmfaly1983 1 point 5 months ago 
Yup, I wore trench coats in high school around that time and everyone in my school called me trench coat mafia.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Bladewing10 1 point 5 months ago 
Because those private schools aren't reactionary at all...
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]joahfitzgerald 1 point 5 months ago 
I wore the crap out of trench coats, as they were trending in the _gynomite_ 1 point 5 months ago 
http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix-breaking/2016/09/29/phoenix-police-make-2-arrests-clown-mask-armed-robbery-cases/91284414/
http://www.daytondailynews.com/news/news/crime-law/robbers-wearing-clown-masks-hold-up-speedway-in-da/nskFR/
http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/armed-clown-robs-walgreens-in-brownstown-township
http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/2-clown-robberies-reported-in-ann-arbor
I don't know about how many stories of clowns roaming neighborhoods are real, but they have been caught on video committing armed robberies, and people are posting pictures and videos of them on twitter.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]I_scream_ur_comments -31 points 5 months ago 
What do you mean "hoax"? If they are people dressed as clowns trying to lure children into the woods that's not a hoax.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]itty53 19 points 5 months ago* 
And the source of the "people are dressed as clowns" argument?
Really: who's claiming they saw clowns actually try to lure children? Point to story.
Edit: lol, "google it". Alright.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]I_scream_ur_comments 0 points 5 months ago 
http://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/Woman-Protects-Daughter-from-Clown-Attack-in-Concord-396073081.html
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]itty53 1 point 5 months ago 
Hearsay and rumors. A person made a report, nothing more. I could make a report that Jimmy Hoffa assaulted me and get it in the newspapers.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[+][deleted] 5 months ago (1 child)

[+][deleted] 5 months ago (12 children)

[–]ManOfLaBook 3 points 5 months ago 
What do you mean "hoax"? If they are people dressed as clowns trying to lure children into the woods that's not a hoax.
That's what I'm asking. Are there any reports of this actually happening?
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]PewPewLaserPewPew 6 points 5 months ago 
Nope, just people claiming there are reports. Throwing out false info and trying to justify the banning of your freedom of expression in this great country.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Jeffuary 2 points 5 months ago 
In the late 80's when I was a kid the same hysteria was going around. Urban legends. Bu now with the Internet you have bored needs who like trolling people.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]prncpl_vgna_no_rlatn 14 points 5 months ago 
"if you're going to be a clown, use face paint and not a mask that completely hides your identity"
Otherwise known as the John Wayne Gacy technique.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]CyberSoldier8 38 points 5 months ago 
You don't think it at all coincidental that there is suddenly a rash of "Clown sightings" the year that production begins for a clown based horror movie remake?
And isn't it odd that in this day and age when everyone has a 4K video camera in their pocket, nobody has produced a video of one of these "clown sightings"?
This whole thing reeks of a tacky Hollywood marketing ploy.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]OperationArrow 15 points 5 months ago 
Seems way too early for a marketing stunt when the movie hasn't entered production yet. If it was a no name indie movie, I could see them doing it now to get their name out for funding but IT's already a big name.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]RerollFFS 12 points 5 months ago* 
Blair Witch started their marketing a year early. Sure, it was an independent movie like you said, but the marketing was considered a huge success. I wouldn't put it passed any movie to try it again, especially something dicey like It.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]jag986 5 points 5 months ago 
Didn't a clown get shot in the head recently? I think that would put the freeze on a studio continuing the marketing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Ihavefourspades 3 points 5 months ago 
If you're talking about the one that was dead in the street next to a bus, the person who filmed has since said it was fake
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]RerollFFS 2 points 5 months ago 
If it's the same one everyone is talking about, then it's just a clown, not a clown terrorizing people. That isn't to say all of this is marketing, it's halloween and I'm sure copycats exist.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]IamSeth 5 points 5 months ago 
Not "It".
Rob Zombie's doing a clown movie called 31.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Saukkomestari 3 points 5 months ago 
It's already out by the way
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (3 replies)
load more comments (1 reply)
[–]itty53 18 points 5 months ago 
It's not "It".
It's 31.
Rob Zombie is behind this. I promise.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]SharksFan1 4 points 5 months ago 
A new Rob Zombie film. Sweet!
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TimIsColdInMaine 3 points 5 months ago 
It kind of sucked. Disappointment abounds
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]itty53 2 points 5 months ago 
That's all his movies, except for Devil's Rejects. Devil's Rejects was actually a masterpiece.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TimIsColdInMaine 2 points 5 months ago 
Devil's rejects really gave me hope for Rob Zombie. I thought that it wasn't just the plot, I thought his cinematography, direction, and soundtrack selection were all perfect. I hope to see at least 1 more of that caliber from him.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (3 replies)
[–]beerforbreakfast91 4 points 5 months ago 
This is EXACTLY what I told my wife. It's insanely creepy viral marketing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]SkunkMonkey 7 points 5 months ago 
Actually, saw a video just yesterday that showed some clown on a footbridge chase some kids. I'm 99% sure it was a fake and a setup, but there is video, just not reliable.
For the record, I think it's all just hysteria.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]WeepingAngelTears 6 points 5 months ago 
I mean, there's a video on Facebook going around with the clown on the suspension bridge chasing two guys.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (4 replies)
[–]Parallax151 3 points 5 months ago 
You don't think it at all coincidental that there is suddenly a rash of "Clown sightings" the year that production begins for a clown based horror movie remake?
There's at least five clown horror movies every year so this literally means nothing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Grimpler 1 point 5 months ago 
Or copycats_gynomite_ 1 point 5 months ago 
http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix-breaking/2016/09/29/phoenix-police-make-2-arrests-clown-mask-armed-robbery-cases/91284414/
http://www.daytondailynews.com/news/news/crime-law/robbers-wearing-clown-masks-hold-up-speedway-in-da/nskFR/
http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/armed-clown-robs-walgreens-in-brownstown-township
http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/2-clown-robberies-reported-in-ann-arbor
I don't know about how many stories of clowns roaming neighborhoods are real, but they have been caught on video committing armed robberies, and people are posting pictures and videos of them on twitter.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]I_scream_ur_comments -31 points 5 months ago 
What do you mean "hoax"? If they are people dressed as clowns trying to lure children into the woods that's not a hoax.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]itty53 19 points 5 months ago* 
And the source of the "people are dressed as clowns" argument?
Really: who's claiming they saw clowns actually try to lure children? Point to story.
Edit: lol, "google it". Alright.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]I_scream_ur_comments 0 points 5 months ago 
http://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/Woman-Protects-Daughter-from-Clown-Attack-in-Concord-396073081.html
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]itty53 1 point 5 months ago 
Hearsay and rumors. A person made a report, nothing more. I could make a report that Jimmy Hoffa assaulted me and get it in the newspapers.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[+][deleted] 5 months ago (1 child)

[+][deleted] 5 months ago (12 children)

[–]ManOfLaBook 3 points 5 months ago 
What do you mean "hoax"? If they are people dressed as clowns trying to lure children into the woods that's not a hoax.
That's what I'm asking. Are there any reports of this actually happening?
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]PewPewLaserPewPew 6 points 5 months ago 
Nope, just people claiming there are reports. Throwing out false info and trying to justify the banning of your freedom of expression in this great country.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Jeffuary 2 points 5 months ago 
In the late 80's when I was a kid the same hysteria was going around. Urban legends. Bu now with the Internet you have bored needs who like trolling people.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]prncpl_vgna_no_rlatn 14 points 5 months ago 
"if you're going to be a clown, use face paint and not a mask that completely hides your identity"
Otherwise known as the John Wayne Gacy technique.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]CyberSoldier8 38 points 5 months ago 
You don't think it at all coincidental that there is suddenly a rash of "Clown sightings" the year that production begins for a clown based horror movie remake?
And isn't it odd that in this day and age when everyone has a 4K video camera in their pocket, nobody has produced a video of one of these "clown sightings"?
This whole thing reeks of a tacky Hollywood marketing ploy.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]OperationArrow 15 points 5 months ago 
Seems way too early for a marketing stunt when the movie hasn't entered production yet. If it was a no name indie movie, I could see them doing it now to get their name out for funding but IT's already a big name.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]RerollFFS 12 points 5 months ago* 
Blair Witch started their marketing a year early. Sure, it was an independent movie like you said, but the marketing was considered a huge success. I wouldn't put it passed any movie to try it again, especially something dicey like It.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]jag986 5 points 5 months ago 
Didn't a clown get shot in the head recently? I think that would put the freeze on a studio continuing the marketing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Ihavefourspades 3 points 5 months ago 
If you're talking about the one that was dead in the street next to a bus, the person who filmed has since said it was fake
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]RerollFFS 2 points 5 months ago 
If it's the same one everyone is talking about, then it's just a clown, not a clown terrorizing people. That isn't to say all of this is marketing, it's halloween and I'm sure copycats exist.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]IamSeth 5 points 5 months ago 
Not "It".
Rob Zombie's doing a clown movie called 31.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Saukkomestari 3 points 5 months ago 
It's already out by the way
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (3 replies)
load more comments (1 reply)
[–]itty53 18 points 5 months ago 
It's not "It".
It's 31.
Rob Zombie is behind this. I promise.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]SharksFan1 4 points 5 months ago 
A new Rob Zombie film. Sweet!
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TimIsColdInMaine 3 points 5 months ago 
It kind of sucked. Disappointment abounds
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]itty53 2 points 5 months ago 
That's all his movies, except for Devil's Rejects. Devil's Rejects was actually a masterpiece.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TimIsColdInMaine 2 points 5 months ago 
Devil's rejects really gave me hope for Rob Zombie. I thought that it wasn't just the plot, I thought his cinematography, direction, and soundtrack selection were all perfect. I hope to see at least 1 more of that caliber from him.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (3 replies)
[–]beerforbreakfast91 4 points 5 months ago 
This is EXACTLY what I told my wife. It's insanely creepy viral marketing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]SkunkMonkey 7 points 5 months ago 
Actually, saw a video just yesterday that showed some clown on a footbridge chase some kids. I'm 99% sure it was a fake and a setup, but there is video, just not reliable.
For the record, I think it's all just hysteria.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]WeepingAngelTears 6 points 5 months ago 
I mean, there's a video on Facebook going around with the clown on the suspension bridge chasing two guys.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (4 replies)
[–]Parallax151 3 points 5 months ago 
You don't think it at all coincidental that there is suddenly a rash of "Clown sightings" the year that production begins for a clown based horror movie remake?
There's at least five clown horror movies every year so this literally means nothing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Grimpler 1 point 5 months ago 
Or copycatsalternative grunge scene at the time. I totally remember not being able to wear them in high school anymore and I just ended up shipping them off to goodwill.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]SirPwn4g3 1 point 5 months ago 
I was one of those trenchcoat wearing kids. I didn't wear mine for a week or so after, I didn't want to suddenly be even scarier than people thought I was. Needless to say, it took a couple years to convince people I wasn't part of some Trench Coat Mafia.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Give_Me_Cash 1 point 5 months ago* 
After Columbine at my school if your backpack wasn't net mesh or transparent plastic it would be confiscated.
Some kids couldn't readily afford "acceptable" replacements.
Also this was before you could just get online and get what you needed in a couple days. There were people lined up buying "acceptable" backpacks and many places were sold out.
It was completely absurd
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]returnofthrowaway 1 point 5 months ago 
To be fair, it's possible they banned the clown costumes due to the fear that other people would shoot them/hit them with a car upon seeing them. It's not so much the fear of them doing something, but the fear of others doing something to them. I'm sure we've all seen enough people suggesting they would attack anyone in a clown costume in strange places.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]gofawkurself0 1 point 5 months ago 
They were basically banned from male fashion too aside from neckbeards trying to look like Neo
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]PewPewLaserPewPew 0 points 5 months ago 
Something happened in Columbine bro.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Magnehtic 0 points 5 months ago 
But didn't ban bringing guns into the school? Strange.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]DiscountTedDanson -1 points 5 months ago 
Man I was in HS when Columbine happened. People here are "too young to remember it". Jesus I feel old now.
permalinksaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Chino1130 29 points 5 months ago 
Yep. However, just to be fair, there are a lot of fucking clown sightings popping up in this state, several of which have been reports of clowns trying to lure children into cars or the woods with candy.
Not sure why there has to be an outright ban though. The schools could have just said "if you're going to be a clown, use face paint and not a mask that completely hides your identity". That should apply to all costumes though, not just clowns.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]ManOfLaBook 72 points 5 months ago 
However, just to be fair, there are a lot of fucking clown sightings popping up in this state, several of which have been reports of clowns trying to lure children into cars or the woods with candy.
Are you sure? I heard of the hoaxes, I have yet to see any reports of them being real.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]PenguinBomb 24 points 5 months ago 
Nobody trying that here so far. (I'm in Ohio) But my friend on Facebook have seen people doing it one was in his neighborhood. This friend actually talked to one. He was a teenager just scaring people for fun, but he warned him it's probably best not to do it anymore. No, the kid did not listen. It's scaring his kid and pissing him off. I keep saying, "Someone's going to get hurt, and it's going to be someone in a clown mask."
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
load more comments (2 replies)
[–]Artaeos 5 points 5 months ago 
They've made their way over to Oregon. There's already a story of a 21 year old woman who had one in a black/silver clown mask come up to her car. Guy started banging on the hood and trying to open the door.
Needless to say, someone is going to get killed over this. It's not even about clowns in this case. Anyone coming up to your vehicle, banging on it and trying to open your door is asking for trouble and they're eventually going to find it.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]ManOfLaBook 4 points 5 months ago 
All these reports and not one video or picture. This is in a society where girls take 30 pictures when going to the bathroom.
Penn State students have been known to rally for anything related to football.

But alleged clown sightings?

That’s never been a reason to run up and down College and Beaver avenues, start chants and gather at Old Main for hours on end — until Monday night.

Penn State police Sgt. Mike Nelson said that there were no real sightings of clowns known to authorities. That didn’t stop at least 500 students — Nelson’s minimum estimate — from latching onto the idea that there was one on the loose in the borough.

“Fortunately, there was no property damage, no injury and no violence,” Nelson said. “And there were no sightings.”

The rumor mill spread quickly, causing dozens of students searching for a clown to turn into hundreds. Police were inundated by phone calls about students gathering in places across the downtown area and on campus.

“The cause of this specifically was social media,” Nelson said. “If there were any clowns with this many students out there and with our police responding to calls, we would have ran into it. Some photos we’ve seen were photoshopped or incidents from across the country.”

The only real clown sighting, Nelson said, was a screen shot of a clown projected onto Beaver Hill apartments.
The Centre County incident is just the latest in a nationwide spate of clown-related hysteria. Within the past 24 hours, there are reports of creepy clowns popping up in New Hampshire, Delaware, Texas, Connecticut, New York, Massachusetts, Washington, Oregon and New Mexico. Several are around college campuses, like the University of Connecticut and SUNY Cortland. Many of the reports have been called “unfounded” by police.

The reports generally concern people in clown costumes behaving in a suspicious manner or performing mischief.
State police say that unspecified clown sightings have happened in Huntingdon and Ebensburg, including reports of a peeping clown. Trooper Adam Reed said citizens should “not confront the individual but rather gather information and report it to your local police,” according to The Associated Press. 
Updates: 
(10/04/2016 | 5:44 p.m.) Penn State Police reported no violence, property damage or injuries, but did receive multiple noise complaints. 

(10/04/2016 | 5:44 p.m.) In response to the rumor about the clown sightings being related to fraternity hazing activity, police said they were unaware of the rumor and the Interfraternity Council had no comment about the matter.

(10/04/2016 | 3:05 p.m.) Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey released a statement to The Chronicle of Higher Education in response to the reported clown sightings across the country, saying “It is troubling because it’s a distraction for our clowns who just want to make people laugh and smile." 

What We Know Right Now: 
Hundreds of students ran through campus on Monday night after multiple reports of clowns in the area.

A giant image of a clown was projected onto Beaver Hill apartments. No word yet on where the projection was coming from or who was responsible.

Penn State police officers on the scene last night insisted that there was no clown and the reported sightings were just rumors.

State College Police had "no comment" when reached out to last night. 
Threats against two Pawtucket schools unfounded, police say PAWTUCKET, R.I. — The creepy clown hoaxes that have raised concerns across the nation reached Rhode Island this week when a threat was made on social media against two Pawtucket schools, prompting rumors of clown sightings, according to public safety officials. Two of the more troubling reports that the police have checked out: that a clown with a machete chased someone out of Slater Park on three separate occasions a week ago, and that clowns were hanging around outside of schools Monday. "This thing's a national phenomenon," Public Safety Commissioner Antonio Pires said of the clown reports that have surfaced in at least 26 states, including all 6 in New England. It has been particularly troubling for schoolchildren, he said. "They have a high level of anxiety over it. When you begin to see it running like wildfire, the concern is the kids' psyche."

The Slater Park allegation was not reported to the police at the time, according to Police Chief Paul King. It surfaced when someone posted it in a messaging feature on Pokemon Go, and someone else repeated it on Facebook. The police were in the park Monday night at the times mentioned in the original post, King said. "We haven't found anything that indicated these ever took place," King said Tuesday.

No clowns were seen outside of any city schools Monday, King said.

"We have nothing that indicates that these clowns have been sighted in Pawtucket," King said.

The police are taking people's concerns seriously when reports are received, he said. "Every one we get, we investigate it as a possible crime."

The threats against specific schools — Tolman High School and Goff Junior High — were unfounded, according to Pires.

"We took the threat seriously, but nothing occurred," Pires said. "Monday morning, we deployed extra officers at these two schools, just to bring some comfort to parents and children."

Police returned to their normal levels on Tuesday, King said.

Central Falls Chief James J. Mendonca said his department is aware of the clown sightings elsewhere, but said none had been reported to his department. He urged that anyone who sees a clown not take matters into their own hands.

"If people come across this, they should be cautious of it," Mendonca said. "There's a safety aspect for both."

The nationwide clown hysteria prompted at least two other local police departments to issue notices about the phenomenon on Tuesday. The West Warwick Police Department posted on its Facebook page: "While we are monitoring the situation, we have found no credible threat presented in the West Warwick area. We encourage any persons to contact us with information of threats to schools, and invite parents to use this opportunity to open a dialog with their children regarding the use of social media."

And the University of Rhode Island public safety department sent this message to the Kingston campus community:

"The Department of Public Safety and the university issued no directives related to reports of clowns acting suspiciously on campus. Because the false reports were spread on social media, the department did report an increase in SafeRide requests Monday night."

Pawtucket's Pires likened it to a past hoax that troubled the entire nation. "It's almost like the old Orson Welles 'War of the Worlds' thing."
Massive response from rampaging teens follows clown being seen allegedly trying to lure children into woods THOUSANDS of students have been filmed taking to the streets to hunt down a creepy clown spotted on campus.

Teens armed with bats, tennis rackets and hockey sticks were seen flooding the roads around Pennsylvania State University.

Their hunt was sparked by three alleged sightings of a mysterious clown figure recently. It makes the college the latest victim of the 'creepy clown phenomenon' that has been terrorising towns across the US and the UK for months.

Men dress up in terrifying killer clown costumes and parade through the streets in the hope of scaring passers-by and gaining notoriety on social media.

The Penn State clown is alleged to have tried to lure children into the woods, leading to a police warning that if he is caught he could face criminal charges. Another video emerged from the hunt, which took place late on Tuesday, showing a shirtless student rallying hundreds of people with a speech from the steps of a college building.

He screams: "No matter where you come from, no matter what your colour, race, or religion we all agree on one thing – f*** that clown."

He is greeted by huge cheers before the massive mob move out to continue their search.

But the clown was later seen tweeting about the huge manhunt.

He mockingly wrote: "Can y'all stop yelling? I gotta get my beauty sleep. This nose don't stay this red by itself".

In another the anonymous menace wrote: "I wouldn't have worn this much makeup if I knew y'all were such cross country running motherf******."

Penn State police Sgt Mike Nelson blamed social media for the phenomenon.

He told the Centre Daily Times: “The cause of this specifically was social media.

"If there were any clowns with this many students out there and with our police responding to calls, we would have ran into it.” Meanwhile, schoolchildren in Newcastle are being targeted by sick pranksters dressing up as clowns and jumping out from bushes to scare them.

Northumbria Police said they have received six separate reports of clown sightings since Friday last week, leaving parents and teachers concerned.

DI Stephen Wykes said: “The people carrying out these pranks may think they’re being funny but it is leaving a number of young people incredibly distressed."
The “killer clown” prank that’s sweeping social media has officially landed in Toronto after students at a downtown school were spooked by a person dressed as a creepy clown on Wednesday as classes were being dismissed for the day.

Police say they were called to Pope Francis Catholic School near Ossington Avenue and Dundas Street West just after 3 p.m.

Toronto police spokesperson Meaghan Gray told CityNews two suspects were making a video but said no charges were laid and the investigation is closed.

Toronto Catholic District School Board’s John Yan said the culprits were former students at the school who were trying to scare younger students. Only one was dressed as a clown, he noted.

They were apprehended by police and Yan said a letter was been sent home to parents (below) and appropriate measures are being taken. On Tuesday, Toronto police said the trend hadn’t yet been reported in Toronto in spite of its popularity in the U.S.

“It is not illegal to dress up in a clown costume,” Const. Jennifer Sidhu said. “It’s the actions that the person does or takes while dressed up in any costume that will lead to them possibly being charged if it is an infraction against the criminal code.”

“We are aware of the incidents in the States, but as of now there is nothing on file of killer clowns in the city.”

It’s not clear if the prank is related to the movie ‘It’, based on the novel by Stephen King, featuring a demon that takes the form of a sadistic clown. The film is currently being remade in Toronto and set to be released in 2017.

The horror novelist tweeted about the trend earlier this week.

 Follow
 Stephen King ✔ @StephenKing
Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria--most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.
Calm has returned to the South Carolina county that introduced the nation to the widespread clown craze, authorities said Wednesday.
The sheriff’s office in Greenville County, where reports of creepy clowns trying to lure children into the woods first originated, has not received any calls or complaints about menacing jesters for about a month, according to its spokesman, Ryan Flood.
“The clown craze has completely died down,” Flood said.
While the phenomenon continues to catch fire across more than two dozen other states, the frenzy lasted about three weeks in Greenville—after it started there at the end of August—and resulted in only three documented incidents, Flood said.
Authorities initially launched an investigation after children claimed they saw someone dressed as a clown near an apartment complex trying to draw them into the woods with money.
A week later, another child called the sheriff’s office to report a clown who was waving by a garbage dumpster in a different apartment complex about 20 minutes away from the first. The clown then dashed into the woods, the caller said.
The third complaint was similar to the first two, Flood said. Authorities tripled the patrol force, but even with the increased patrols, they could not substantiate any of the reports and did not make any arrests.
“We put around-the-clock deputies in the area patrolling,” Flood said. “It’s what we’re here for, but we don’t want our resources to be used for bogus complaints.”Flood said he’s surprised at how much the so-called clown panic has spread across the nation. “We’ve seen a lot of weirder things happen here,” he said.
THE BRONX - Preston High School on Schurz Avenue in the Bronx was among several schools that received threats from a 'creepy clown' Facebook and Instagram account, according to police.
The accounts called 'Clownjohn Jacobs' and 'NYC Clown Gang' made threats to about 20 tristate schools including JFK, Truman and Clinton high schools in the Bronx. The threat, according to officials included the message "we are coming."
The ominous messages come as thousands of clown-related threats have been reported across the U.S. over the past few months. A picture of a teen wearing a clown mask appearing to hold a rifle surfaced on a New Jersey social media account, and a school on Long Island was placed on lockdown after a report of someone dressed as a clown. The NYPD says the increase in creepy clown sightings is dangerous, and it causes panic and alarm. They are asking that no one take part in adding to the hysteria. The NYPD says no credible threat has been uncovered related to the clown hype. 
The Department of Education commented by saying "The NYPD was immediately notified and determined the threats were not credible. We will continue working closely with the NYPD to ensure the safety and security of all school buildings."
The school also released a statement in which it says, "Preston High School is committed to maintaining a safe and secure learning environment for our students. This is a responsibility we take very seriously."
I don't know if you guys have heard, but there's been a string of creepy clown sightings across the US. I don't know if this person was just fucking with me or what, but I saw one of them up on the fire trails a few minutes ago.
Its hair was almost white and standing on end. It was wearing this weird oversized shirt with bright oranges and yellows. I couldn't see its eyes but I know it was staring at me.
I snapped a pic but it's really low quality. Has anyone else run into this person? bobbistefMSE/NucE but not good at STEM 60 points 5 months ago 
Dude you were visited by the rare Fieri of good grades and dank memes that only appears once every 4.0 years and grants you one random wish (chosen from a pool of 8, with a true random algorithm written by Sahai) I can't believe you blew your chance
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]RecoveringhoboCS '16 16 points 5 months ago 
/r/berkeley right now
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]MattHydroxide 8 points 5 months ago 
Is that a 4-part problem?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]nuimancel 25 points 5 months ago 
You freaking scared me holy crap
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]type40darsitIntegrative Biology/Goff Studies '16 29 points 5 months ago 
2spooky4me
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]ayyy__1mao[S] 7 points 5 months ago 
Ikr
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]CXR1037EENGLISH 11 points 5 months ago 
10/10 truly creepy
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]mandingoBBC 5 points 5 months ago 
That pic is horrifying
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Silkybunscs/sc 6 points 5 months ago 
I just threw my head back laughing, you got me :D
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Haruhi_Fujiokablowing Robert Reich '13 6 points 5 months ago 
I think I saw that clown when I went to Flavortown.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]strangerzero 5 points 5 months ago 
I think he is just looking for Oscars.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]ayyy__1mao[S] 3 points 5 months ago 
Dicks out for Oscar's
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]ayyy__1mao[S] 9 points 5 months ago 
/u/lulzcakes plz label srs and sticky thnk u
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Johann8080 2 points 5 months ago 
In many US states, other than the liberal kooks states like New Jersey say in Florida , creepy clowns if shot dead in the face inside the home is a legitimate reason to kill them . I think these Creepy clown have a wish to be killed In states like Florida and Alaska and 40 or so others tor so, hey will get their wish!!
Ann Arbor, Mich. - Two robberies involving people dressed as clowns took place in Ann Arbor Tuesday night between 10:30 p.m. and 11 p.m., police said.

The first incident took place at a BP gas station on the 3700 block of Washtenaw Ave at 10:35 p.m. The second took place at a Dominos Pizza on the 2600 block of Plymouth Road. Police believe the incidents are connected.

In both cases, the person displayed a handgun and cash was taken. Police also say they were dressed as clowns in both robberies.

No injuries were reported.
Man wearing clown mask armed with pistol BROWNSTOWN TOWNSHIP, Mich. - A person wearing a clown mask and armed with a pistol robbed a Walgreens Tuesday night in Brownstown Township.

The robbery happened at about 9:30 p.m. at the Walgreens on Telegraph Road, according to Brownstown police. The clown entered the store and raised the gun up, robbing the clerk and fleeing in an SUV.

The clown was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, dark pants and a mask.

Police also say the clown pointed his gun at two customers on the way out, telling them to get back in their cars.

The armed robbery happened just hours after a boy in Sterling Heights was attacked by a man dressed as a clown and two women were frightened by an alley of clowns with baseball bats. Over the weekend, a clown was spotted waving at cars in Clinton Township which had residents on edge
DAYTON
UPDATE @ 6 p.m. (Oct. 5):

Dayton police turned to social media today ask for the public’s help to identify the three pipe-wielding suspects in masks early Tuesday when they robbed a Speedway station on Huffman Avenue.

Police posted a couple more surveillance images of the suspects on its Twitter account today from the 4:30 a.m. robbery. Anyone with information is urged to call 937-222-STOP(7867).

UPDATE @ 3:07 p.m. (Oct. 4):

Police have released surveillance images from the robbery at Speedway this morning, where the robbers were wearing masks.

Anyone with information on the robbery can contact Crime Stopper at 222-STOP.

UPDATE @ 7:07 a.m.

The three masked men were armed with PVC pipes and threatened the clerk, according to Sgt. Randy Beane, with the Dayton Police Department.

The men were wearing a clown mask, a surgical mask and a Guy Fawkes mask.

They stole about $145 cash from the register and fled on foot. A K9’s track was unsuccessful, due to the amount of people coming in and out of the Speedway, Beane said.

The clerk was not injured, Beane said.

The men were wearing dark colored hoodies and were totally covered up, Beane said.

“We don’t even know their race at this time,” he said.

Beane said around Halloween, more crimes are committed by people dressed up in costumes.

He said if you decide to wear a mask for Halloween, “just obey the law. Don’t do anything suspicious, like creep around somebody’s house.”

“A lot of people have a fear of clowns for some reason,” Beane said. “Don’t be coming up on people and acting aggressive, then there should be no problem with wearing a Halloween clown mask or any other mask.”

Beane said the department has received numerous prank calls about clowns, but they haven’t made contact with anyone wearing a clown mask.

“It seems like people are having more fun with it than anything else because we haven’t really found any clowns doing anything illegal,” Beane said.

UPDATE @ 5:45 a.m.

The three masked men were carrying lead fence posts and were able to get away with everything in the cash register, according to officials on scene.

They fled on foot, and a K9 was unable to track them.

The men were wearing a clown mask, a Frankenstein mask and a Guy Fawkes mask.
INITIAL REPORT
00:00
/
00:00
00:00
Three men, two of which wearing clown masks, have reportedly robbed the Speedway on Huffman Avenue.

Dayton police were dispatched to the convenience store at 1553 Huffman Avenue at 4:33 a.m. Tuesday after receiving a panic alarm from the business.

Police scanner traffic indicates three men held up the store, two of which were wearing clown masks. The third reported suspect was wearing a surgical mask, according to initial reports.
It was unknown what the robbers were able to get away with and it was unknown if they were carrying weapons.

No injuries were initially reported.

We have a crew heading to the scene and we’ll update this page when new information is available.
Forget ISIS, Zika, and President Trump: America’s greatest fear today is an epidemic of creepy clowns.
The country has spent the last several weeks gripped by clown panic. A New York school canceled recess after reports of murderous-looking clowns congregating in the area. Children at a Pennsylvania elementary school reported being chased by three clowns outside. Last weekend, two East Coast teenagers were even arrested for clown-related crimes. But some creepy clowns say the crime wave is giving the community a bad rap.
“Bloodyelmore DAklown” who said he’s been dressing as a creepy clown and prowling neighborhoods since before it was cool, thinks people shouldn’t be so quick to judge.
“They are misunderstood,” Bloodyelmore said of creepy clowns during a Facebook conversation with The Daily Beast. “People think they’re killers and criminals… but most of us just like the feeling of having a community and most of us just like the fun and excitement of it.”
Bloodyelmore, 26, might dress like a terrifying circus clown and describe himself on Facebook as “under your bed in your home lurking Around when your walking alone,” but he said it’s all in the spirit of good, clean fun.
“People usually freak out or try to follow us,” Bloodyelmore said. “It’s something fun and it becomes a hobby on a daily basis.”
Bloodyelmore is highly active in Facebook’s creepy clown community, where masses of users with names like Clowny Shooter and Crusty Klown congregate in comment sections, tagging each other by the dozen in posts directed at the “ClownGang.” Many appear to have set up their profiles within the past several weeks.
Dedicated clowns say they take their creepy antics offline. Bloodyelmore said he and his friends regularly go outside dressed as killer clowns, which is legal but often inspires panic among non-clowns.
But other clowns claim they’re already racking up circus-y murders.
“I like killing people,” Terry Da Klown told The Daily Beast on Facebook, where his profile picture is a yellow-fanged, apparently amputated clown. He refused to clarify other than “I killed lots.” (Terry Da Klown stopped responding when asked if he ever felt regret.)
“My clown gang GLTTTTTT,” Scar TheClown told The Daily Beast, the capitalized text an apparent reference to the sound of gunshots. He added that his clown gang “deal with the people who disrespect.”
The number of people in his clown gang is “confidential,” Scar said, refusing to answer whether his clown gang has ever committed actual clown crimes. Scar estimates most are adults. But most of the recent clown crime arrests have netted young teenagers. In two unrelated weekend incidents, police in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Hampton, Virginia, arrested 13-year-old girls allegedly involved in clown crimes. In Philadelphia, the teenager had allegedly made threats on social media while posing as a clown. In Hampton, the teen had allegedly reached out to a clown on Facebook and asked him to kill her teacher.
The creepy clown panic crops up every couple years, often around Halloween, and largely fueled by hoaxes and social media hysteria. But this year’s clown mania has hit new heights.
During a Tuesday press conference, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest fielded a question on the “creepy clowns” plaguing the nation. Earnest said he wasn’t sure whether President Obama had been briefed on the matter—not exactly a denial.
Professional clowns are not amused. Snuggles, a Maryland clown, started a “Clown Lives Matter” campaign on Facebook, telling AOL that he feared anti-clown profiling. Snuggles’s fears were borne out on Tuesday when at least 500 Penn State students flooded the streets, chanting and hunting for creepy clowns.
Bloodyelmore said tales of murder-minded newcomers are a bad omen for the otherwise-peaceful creepy clown scene. Teenagers and even younger children are joining the clown ranks en masse, he claimed.
“Teens will think it’s cool and follow it and try to contact people like this,” Bloodyelmore said of the recent wave of clown coverage. “I’ve had many teens and even 8 year old kids offering to be a clown.”
Creepy clowning is becoming too mainstream, and new police scrutiny has long-time clowns fearing for their community. Even Bloodyelmore said he’s not sure if he’ll keep up his character past Halloween.
“The FBI is cracking down on clowns and clown accounts,” Bloodyelmore said, confirming that many fellow clowns shared his fears. “I wouldn’t want lose my family all because I wanted to dress up as a clown and roam the streets.”
The threat is no longer theoretical. The creepy clowns have invaded Wyoming.
Several sightings have now been reported across the Cowboy State, prompting panic and outrage on social media.
Some people have even threatened to shoot any creepy clowns they see. Others have warned that Wyoming is a “trigger-happy” state where people are “packing heat” and often “shoot first and ask questions later”.
While we can all agree that clowns are creepy, we should also recognize this hysteria for what it is…before somebody gets hurt.
In most cases, these are just teenagers trying to get some attention. They’re not evil, they’re hoodlums.
With that in mind, here’s a list of five tips to follow if you see a creepy clown in person.
1. DON’T shoot them – Shooting a clown does not meet the legal justification for self-defense.
2. DON’T shoot at them – Trying to scare a clown by shooting at them is against the law. You could wind in jail and you might accidentally shoot someone else.
3. DON’T beat them up – We’d all like to teach these jerks a lesson, but beating up a clown doesn’t make you a hero. Just like chasing someone wearing clown shoes doesn’t make you a fast runner.
4. DO call the police – If you see a clown in public, they are disturbing the peace. Alerting the authorities of their location will help protect them and others who may do harm to them.
5. DO take pictures – The best way to prevent an unfortunate tragedy is to expose these clowns for who and what they are, attention-seeking hooligans. If you see one in your neighborhood, warn the people you know so they won’t freak out when they see one.
NOTE: While many creepy clown threats have been reported across the country, there have yet to be any documented cases of creepy clowns actually attacking anyone.
However, in the unlikely event that a machete-wielding clown comes after you or your family, by all means, fire away.



Two girls, a teen and a tween, are facing charges of making up a story about scary clowns that never existed.

Each girl – one a 14-year-old from South Toms River, the other a 12-year-old from Toms River – is alleged to have caused a false public alarm, a third-degree crime.

The older girl "told her mother that she was chased by a person armed with a knife and dressed as a clown this morning while walking to the school bus stop," Al Della Fave, a spokesman for the Ocean County Prosecutor's Office, said on Wednesday.

The prosecutor's office's High Tech Crimes Unit and South Toms River police officers investigated when they learned of a Facebook post referring to the imaginary clown from local residents, Della Fave said. "South Toms River police quickly increased patrols in response to the report, while the OCPO HTCU worked to locate the origin of the post in order to collect additional information," Della Fave said. "Within a few hours, the investigation would lead to the South Toms River juvenile, who recanted her story."

The other investigation centered on an Instagram post, ostensibly from "Killerclownfromnj," which read that "Some people wanted Toms River Intermediate East Middle School; I will be there at 8:37 sharp on Thursday, October 6th, 2016," according to statements from the prosecutor's office and Toms River police. The HTCU and township detectives looked into the post beginning Oct. 4, and identified the 12-year-old, a township student, police said. On top of her criminal allegation, she is facing disciplinary action at school.

"At no time was there any credible threat to students and this incident appears to be an ill-conceived hoax," according to the announcement. The arrests come days after Toms River school officials scurried to quash false reports of lurking clowns. The school district also asked for ramped-up police patrols even though, as police said at the time, there was no credible threat then, either.

Information on how much the investigations cost was not immediately available.

The “scary” or “creepy” clown hoax has been spreading via social media throughout the U.S. in recent weeks, with reports of one person firing a shot at a woman wearing a white afghan and students triggering manhunts, or rather clownhunts, from Alabama to New York state.
For the past several months, creepy clowns have been terrorizing America, with sightings of actual clowns in at least 10 different states.

These fiendish clowns have reportedly tried to lure women and children into the woods, chased people with knives and machetes, and yelled at people from cars. They've been spotted hanging out in cemeteries and they have been caught in the headlights of cars as they appear alongside desolate country roads in the dead of night.
This isn't the first time there has been a wave of clown sightings in the United States. After eerily similar events occurred in the Boston area in the 1980s, Loren Coleman, a cryptozoologist who studies the folklore behind mythical beasts such as Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster, came up with something called "The Phantom Clown Theory," which attributes the proliferation of clown sightings to mass hysteria (usually sparked by incidents witnessed only by children). It's impossible to determine which of these incidents are hoaxes and which are bona fide tales of clowning around taken to the extreme. Nonetheless, the perpetrators seem to be capitalizing on our longstanding love-hate relationship with clowns, tapping into the primal dread that so many children (and more than a few adults) experience in their presence.
In fact, a 2008 study conducted in England revealed that very few children actually like clowns. It also concluded that the common practice of decorating children's wards in hospitals with pictures of clowns may create the exact opposite of a nurturing environment. It's no wonder so many people hate Ronald McDonald.
But as a psychologist, I'm not just interested in pointing out that clowns give us the creeps; I'm also interested in why we find them so disturbing. Earlier this year I published a study entitled "On the Nature of Creepiness" with one of my students, Sara Koehnke, in the journal New Ideas in Psychology. While the study was not specifically looking at the creepiness of clowns, much of what we discovered can help explain this intriguing phenomenon.
The march of the clowns
Clown-like characters have been around for thousands of years. Historically, jesters and clowns have been a vehicle for satire and for poking fun at powerful people. They provided a safety valve for letting off steam and they were granted unique freedom of expression -- as long as their value as entertainers outweighed the discomfort they caused the higher-ups.
Evolutionary psychology explains why haunted houses creep us out
Jesters and others persons of ridicule go back at least to ancient Egypt, and the English word "clown" first appeared sometime in the 1500s, when Shakespeare used the term to describe foolish characters in several of his plays. The now familiar circus clown -- with its painted face, wig and oversized clothing -- arose in the 19th century and has changed only slightly over the past 150 years. Nor is the trope of the evil clown anything new. Earlier this year, writer Benjamin Radford published "Bad Clowns," in which he traces the historical evolution of clowns into unpredictable, menacing creatures.
The persona of the creepy clown really came into its own after serial killer John Wayne Gacy was captured. In the 1970s, Gacy appeared at children's birthday parties as "Pogo the Clown" and also regularly painted pictures of clowns. When the authorities discovered that he had killed at least 33 people, burying most of them in the crawl space of his suburban Chicago home, the connection between clowns and dangerous psychopathic behavior became forever fixed in the collective unconscious of Americans.
Following the notoriety of Gacy, Hollywood exploited our deep ambivalence about clowns via a terror-by-clown campaign that shows no signs of going out of fashion. Pennywise, the clown from Stephen King's 1990 movie "It," may be the scariest movie clown. But there are also the "Killer Klowns from Outer Space" (1988), the scary clown doll under the bed in "Poltergeist" (1982), the zombie clown in "Zombieland" (2009) and, most recently, the murderous clown in "All Hallow's Eve" (2013).
The nature of creepiness
Psychology, however, can help explain why clowns -- the supposed purveyors of jokes and pranks -- often end up sending chills down our spines.
My research was the first empirical study of creepiness, and I had a hunch that feeling creeped out might have something to do with ambiguity -- about not really being sure how to react to a person or situation.
We recruited 1,341 volunteers ranging in age from 18 to 77 to fill out an online survey. In the first section of the survey, our participants rated the likelihood that a hypothetical "creepy person" would exhibit 44 different behaviors, such as unusual patterns of eye contact or physical characteristics like visible tattoos. In the second section of the survey, participants rated the creepiness of 21 different occupations, and in the third section they simply listed two hobbies that they thought were creepy. In the final section, participants noted how much they agreed with 15 statements about the nature of creepy people.
Cracking the mystery of the 'Worldwide Hum'
The results indicated that people we perceive as creepy are much more likely to be males than females (as are most clowns), that unpredictability is an important component of creepiness and that unusual patterns of eye contact and other nonverbal behaviors set off our creepiness detectors big time.
Unusual or strange physical characteristics such as bulging eyes, a peculiar smile or inordinately long fingers did not, in and of themselves, cause us to perceive someone as creepy. But the presence of weird physical traits can amplify any other creepy tendencies that the person might be exhibiting, such as persistently steering conversations toward peculiar sexual topics or failing to understand the policy about bringing reptiles into the office.
When we asked people to rate the creepiness of different occupations, the one that rose to the top of the creep list was -- you guessed it -- clowns.
The results were consistent with my theory that getting "creeped out" is a response to the ambiguity of threat and that it is only when we are confronted with uncertainty about threat that we get the chills.
Not all psychopaths are criminals; some psychopathic traits are linked to success
For example, it would be considered rude and strange to run away in the middle of a conversation with someone who is sending out a creepy vibe but is actually harmless; at the same time, it could be perilous to ignore your intuition and engage with that individual if he is, in fact, a threat. The ambivalence leaves you frozen in place, wallowing in discomfort.
This reaction could be adaptive, something humans have evolved to feel, with being "creeped out" a way to maintain vigilance during a situation that could be dangerous.
Why clowns set off our creep alert
In light of our study's results, it is not at all surprising that we find them to be creepy.
Rami Nader is a Canadian psychologist who studies coulrophobia, the irrational fear of clowns. Nader believes that clown phobias are fueled by the fact that clowns wear makeup and disguises that hide their true identities and feelings. This is perfectly consistent with my hypothesis that it is the inherent ambiguity surrounding clowns that make them creepy. They seem to be happy, but are they really? And they're mischievous, which puts people constantly on guard. People interacting with a clown during one of his routines never know if they are about to get a pie in the face or be the victim of some other humiliating prank. The highly unusual physical characteristics of the clown (the wig, the big red nose, the makeup, the odd clothing) only magnify the uncertainty of what the clown might do next.
There are certainly other types of people who creep us out (taxidermists and undertakers made a good showing on the creepy occupation spectrum). But they have their work cut out for them if they aspire to the level of creepiness that we automatically attribute to clowns.
In other words, they have big shoes to fill.

Reports of creepy clowns have surfaced from one end of the nation to the other. Brace yourselves: Coulrophobia is gripping the nation.

That would be the fear of clowns, with the prefix “coulro” possibly from the ancient Greek word for “one who goes on stilts.”

In an unceasing wave, reports of strange clown-related threats are springing up in cyberspace and back here on earth.

Now the nationwide phenomenon has landed smack in the middle of the Bay Area — and while some of the buzz may have come from internet-inspired hoaxes, at least one incident was all too real. A Concord woman reported Wednesday that a man in a clown costume tried to snatch her 1-year-old daughter but ran away after she kicked him in the shin. The San Jose school district said Wednesday it has alerted police to a recent rash of social media clown threats and will not allow students to dress as clowns for Halloween or wear any costumes that disguise their identity.

Also this week, students at Dallas Ranch Middle School in Antioch told their principal about an Instagram message warning that “scary clowns” would be visiting the campus. The Oakland Unified School District, the Martinez Unified School District and the San Mateo Police Department said they had received similar reports of “creepy clown” messages on social media, threatening violence. The clown hysteria has propelled scary clown outfits toward the top of the 2016 popular Halloween costume list. It’s spawned viral marketing stunts in the Midwest and reported assaults in Texas and Florida.
Creepy clowns even became a talking point in the nation’s capital, with reporters asking President Barack Obama’s spokesman Tuesday whether the president was aware of the uptick in clown sightings. (“I don’t know that the president has been briefed on this particular situation,” the spokesman responded.)

But professional clowns are worried their livelihood is getting a bad rap.

“It appears that most of the people who are trying to propagate this hysteria are junior high kids who like to have a cheap fright scare,’’ says Randy Christensen, president of the 2,000-strong Michigan-based World Clown Association. “But just because someone puts on a cheap rubber mask doesn’t make them a clown. It’s like if someone puts on a smock and stethoscope and then comes at you with a chainsaw, it’s probably not a doctor.’’

Christensen and his colleagues are proud of their storied brand of costumed performance art. And he says the current creepy-clown mania sweeping the country “gives a bad name to serious clowns.”

Brian Wishnefsky, a professional clown who performs all over the Bay Area, agrees, saying the bad publicity makes people less willing to hire clowns for entertainment.

“As a rule, we make people happy,” Wishnefsky said. “I grew up watching Bozo the Clown and Chuckles the Clown — I had a lonely childhood, and they made me happy. To have this happen, it breaks my heart.”

Sara Moore, director of the Clown Conservatory at San Francisco’s Circus Center, said the recent spate of “scary clown” sightings has not so far affected her program, which teaches physical comedy — she actually has a wait list for next year’s Clown Conservatory program. But she worries about what incidents like this do to the public’s perception of clowning.

“These people are not clowns, and they belong in jail,” she said.

For all the concerns, there’s one place the creepy-clown phenomenon has been a boon: Halloween stores.

Online clown mask sales are up about 300 percent from this time a year ago, according to Brad Butler of national retailer Halloween Express. Eight of the top 10 are “evil” or “scary” clown masks this season, whereas last year, five of the top 10 were labeled “evil” or “scary.”

The image of the clown as a frightening or creepy figure has long been in folklore, said Benjamin Radford, author of the book “Bad Clowns,” which examines malevolent or strange clowns as icons of pop culture.

“The clown character has always been ambiguous and can be scary or happy,” Radford said. “In the case of the court jester or Harlequin figures, the clown has always been a trickster figure, and the devil is a trickster figure.”

Overall, the trope has been driven by a blend of hoaxes, copycats, rumors and urban legend, and now it’s often propelled by social media.

“The scary or evil clown figure is perfect for social media,” Radford said. “It’s scary, funny, creepy — exactly the sort of thing that gets shared.”

Real-clown Christensen says the creepy-clown trend, which seems to repeat itself each year around this time, “should pass once we get past Halloween. And then it’s Christmastime and people can be afraid of Santa Claus!’’


SAN DIEGO - Creepy clowns have recently been threatening to come after people.

The nationwide hysteria is now angering local professionals who get paid to entertain people.

RELATED | San Diegans weigh in on nationwide hysteria over evil clowns

'Wower the Clown' and 'Grandma Hugs' make a living being silly and putting a smile on people's faces.

"For me I enjoy watching other people have fun and that makes me have fun," Rose Marie Ballard said.

Rose Marie Ballard, who's a mother of five, says she became a clown to spread joy.

Although she and Kathy Cannon enjoy clowning around, lately their smiles have turned into frowns by social media posts of scary clowns threatening to come after people.

“I don't think it's fun at all, it might be fun for the people that scare, but I don't like to be scared,” Kathy Cannon said

People in more than two dozen states have reported seeing the creepy characters.

In most cases it's all a hoax. In other cases people have been assaulted and threatened.

The nationwide frenzy is now in San Diego with Instagram accounts stating the clown's location.

Ballard says there's a difference between those trying to scare people and professionals like her.

The people need to know that Halloween characters are not clowns, they're Halloween characters, they’re a completely different animal, you can tell by looking at them, they don’t look like this, they look mean and scary, a regular clown doesn't,” Ballard said.

The women say the most frustrating thing about the hysteria is that it tarnishes the image of professional clowns which affects business.

They wanted to speak out in hopes of suppressing the fear.

“It’s not fair to the clowns that are trying to make a living or the clowns that are trying to volunteer at different events. If people are scared we have to back off from them,” Cannon said.
A Des Moines school student has been interviewed by police after a creepy clown threat was posted to social media.

Des Moines Public Schools were made aware of a threat from a Harding Middle School student Tuesday night.

School officials said the student has admitted to it and was interviewed by police.

Des Moines police said they received reports of 5 cases of people calling in after seeing a threatening message with a creepy clown on social media. It appears to be the same picture circulated every time.

The Harding Middle School incident was investigated by the school resource officer. The officer said the student is a “good kid, good student,” who thought it would be funny to post and in the student’s words "it got out of control."

No charges will be filed, but the school will determine punishment.  

Phil Roeder, Director of Communications and Public Affairs, said students who miss school over the threat will receive an unexcused absence.

“If parents keep their kids home, it is an unexcused absence as there is no credibility to the threat and no reason to not attend school today,” said Roeder. “Our message is simple: "clown danger" is a social media hoax. Making a threat against a school is a crime.

The school district posted the following message to parents on Facebook:

As you may know, the "clown danger" hoax has been spreading across the country, from unsubstantiated "sightings" of creepy clowns to non-credible threats of violence. Because of the attention this is getting, both on social media and in the news media, there will no doubt be copy cats who perpetuate this hoax. Such was the case last night when a message was posted to Instagram, making a threat against Harding Middle School. We thank everyone who forwarded a copy of this to the school district. The DMPS security staff shared this with the Des Moines Police Department last night. A student has already been identified as the person who posted this message and they are being interviewed by the police.

Law enforcement, both locally and across the country, has found no credibility in any of the threats being made as part of this hoax. However, making a threat against a school is a crime. Whether a message is posted by someone a thousand miles away who is randomly picking schools or a student who is hoping to have classes cancelled, any and all threats made in connection to this hoax - or any other situation - are treated seriously and reported to law enforcement.

Again, because of the attention this hoax is getting we will not be surprised if there are more copy cats. If you see something, please say something, and if you see a threat against a school share it with the school district. While the "clown danger" is nothing but a hoax, a threat against a school is a crime. It's time to end this ridiculous hoax with those individuals who cross a legal line.
It is a strange thing when Stephen King must defend the world from tales of horrific clowns. The horror maestro who wrote “It,” which featured a monster in the form of a clown, recently spoke out as a voice of pro-clown reason.

“Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria,” King tweeted on Monday, “most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.”

King was, for the most part, correct. The vast majority of people employed as clowns are content to brighten days, pie faces and fashion balloons into poodles. (Exceptions to the rule include “Wrinkles,” the Florida clown who will traumatize children for a fee.) Those good clowns are a shrinking population, and reclaiming the clown mantle will take more than goodwill tweets. In school districts and police stations, clown sightings have become a source of discomfort rather than giggles.

At the moment, the dominant clown strain in the United States — the one appearing in police and media reports, and what compelled King to defend America’s hard-working jester — is something altogether more sinister.

South Carolina was creepy clown Ground Zero in August, when emergency calls from residents of Greenville County prompted deputies to search an apartment complex and the nearby forest for criminal clowns. A clown, or someone dressed like one, was “trying to lure children in the woods,” warned the property manager of Fleetwood Manor Apartments in Greenville. Such reports are not a new phenomenon — as long ago as 1981, according to Slate, Massachusetts elementary school students warned their principal about menacing clowns in a black van. But the 2016 strain of clowns is a particularly virulent one, with the season’s sightings spreading from Greenville to North Carolina, to states like Kentucky and Alabama, before sweeping across the rest of the country.

[Clown sightings have spread to North Carolina. Now police are concerned about creepy copycats.]

What began as reports from concerned parents to police mutated into memes, pranks and, in some cases, felonious hoaxes. Although there is little evidence that clowns are stealing children or planning attacks, clowns (or at least clown images and paraphernalia) have been associated with a recent rash of mischief and violent threats. Some of the clown sightings have transferred out of the woods and onto the Internet, where people purporting to be clowns display menacing profiles on Facebook or Instagram (e.g., the Alabama woman who police say made threats as “Flomo Klown“).

The phenomenon is not quite as severe as swatting, in which hoaxers prompt SWAT raids on innocent victims with false hostage or bomb scares, but shares several features: Authorities must treat the threats seriously, the threats are not genuine and the Internet acts as both refuge and spawning pool for pranksters.

Many of the hoaxers are teenagers. Saturday, an 18-year-old late to her job at McDonald’s blamed a knife-wielding clown. Police say the clown did not exist.

[Creepy clowns spook a country already freaked out by political ones]

On Monday, police in Hampton, Va., arrested a 13-year-old and charged her with “one count of Threatening to Kill by Electronic Message,” the police said in a news release. She contacted an individual who was “utilizing a clown photo as a profile picture,” and asked the clown to murder one of her middle schoolteachers. A day later, in Louisiana, two 17-year-old students who wore clown masks at their high school were charged under a rule that outlaws masks. Lafourche Parish Sheriff Craig Webre called behavior fear-inducing and “simply despicable,” according to WDSU. In Brownsville, Tex., an 18-year-old was arrested for an alleged false alarm involving a clown. A New Haven, Conn., high school banned clown costumes for Halloween.

Also on Tuesday, creepy clowns were invoked at the White House. During a news conference, a Bloomberg reporter asked White House press secretary Josh Earnest if President Obama was aware of the clown reports and associated arrests. Earnest said he did not know if the president had been briefed on creepy clowns, and deferring to the FBI and Department of Homeland Security on the jester specifics. Earnest added: “Obviously, this is a situation that local law enforcement authorities take quite seriously. And they should carefully and thoroughly review perceived threats to the safety of the community, and they should do so prudently.”

There is a long history of fiction and pop psychology exploring the dark side of the jester. The fear of clowns is pervasive enough to have its own word: coulrophobia.

In 2008, the University of Sheffield in Britain surveyed more than 250 children aged 4 to 16, to see if clown images would cheer up a hospital setting. Every one of the survey participants reported disliking clowns.

North Wales child psychologist Patricia Doorbar told the BBC at the time: “Very few children like clowns. They are unfamiliar and come from a different era. They don’t look funny, they just look odd.”

The hidden element of clowns — features obscured by makeup, or practical jokes like surprise hand buzzers — may put others off. “They pull things out of their sleeves. They blow up balloons and then pop them,” Columbia University clinical psychologist Kristin Kunkle told Livescience in September. “They do things that bring on a rush of emotion that some people might be excited about and some people might find overwhelming.”

[Reports of creepy clown sightings in Maryland are untrue]

King, who has long trafficked in psychological horror, offered his opinion on what makes clowns scary to the Bangor Daily News at the beginning of September. The creepy clown is a horror du jour, with a meme-like ability to feed on itself.

“I suspect it’s a kind of low-level hysteria, like Slender Man, or the so-called Bunny Man, who purportedly lurked in Fairfax County, Virginia, wearing a white hood with long ears and attacking people with a hatchet or an ax,” King said to the Maine newspaper. “The clown furor will pass, as these things do, but it will come back, because under the right circumstances, clowns really can be terrifying.”

The creepy clowns may be with us for some time yet. Clown mask sales are up 300 percent from 2015, Brad Butler of the costume store Halloween Express told Eye Opener TV. Normally half of the best-selling masks are “evil,” he said. This year, eight of the top 10 clown masks would transform the wearer into something wicked.
Nearly two decades after Stephen King’s ‘It’ hit theaters, a renewed fear of clowns is sweeping the nation. People dressed as clowns in some states have allegedly threatened to blow up schools or kill teachers. The first clown sighting was in South Carolina last year, and similar reports nationwide have triggered local panics.

"It wasn't a good idea if it was indeed a hoax,” South Carolina resident Sue Walker said.

Reports of clown sightings in the Des Moines metro, including this clown seen walking along Hubbell Avenue, have created a firestorm on social media.

A twitter account called “Clown Sightings Iowa” posts the alleged time and location of sightings across the country. The page was created Monday and already has more than 10,000 followers.

Newton Police said there were anonymous threats of clowns around schools Friday, though no clowns were ever seen.

Whether the sightings are real or a hoax, the creepy clown phenomenon is frustrating for businesses like the Theatrical Shop in Valley Junction.

"These are happy clowns, and I think the makeup they put on or the character they become into is what creates the scary,” Theatrical Shop employee Kathy Harkrader said.

Though dressing up as a clown is not illegal, police say this latest national trend is no laughing matter.

"It's certainly just in time for Halloween and I certainly hope it's not real,” Des Moines resident Austin Kirkpatrick said.

Police are warning that anyone dressing up in creepy clown costumes could be putting their own safety at risk due to the sheer panic this phenomenon has created.
Preying on people’s fears, the crazed-clown trend is no laughing matter for the public and for real entertainers.Calling cow manure a cow pie doesn't make it a real pie, and calling someone dressed in oversize red shoes and white face paint a clown doesn't make him a real clown, says one Salt Lake City entertainer.

"It takes more than face paint to make a clown," said Ernie Flynn, who goes by the stage name Bobber the Clown.

Since the recent "creepy clown" trend began, Flynn — who performs at parties, in parades and every Monday at the Chinese Gourmet restaurant in Murray — has had to defend his profession and convince family members that he'll be safe performing.
A little boy who was concerned about scary clowns called him the other day, Flynn said, and he explained to the lad that while Halloween brings out creepy clowns each year, every "real clown" he knows has the "sole purpose" of making people laugh and making them happy.

"If they're not making you laugh and feel good," Flynn told the youngster, "they're not a clown."

Flynn has been in the business for more than a decade, he said, and is cautious around anyone who may be uncomfortable with clowns.

"There is a legitimate phobia that people have, mostly adults, because they've been subjected to some of this scary clown business at Halloween or the [Stephen King] book 'It,' " he said, "and the more that we get this negative publicity on the internet, the more people are afraid."

That fear has caused some people in Utah to feel threatened by anyone dressed as a clown.

Orem Police Department wrote on its Facebook page Monday: "We have answered over 40 questions on [Facebook] and a few dozen calls at our dispatch center about clowns today. It's not the number of calls or messages that is concerning but the content of the messages."

Community members are asking police whether they can "shoot or take action against someone that is dressed up like a clown," the post says.

Flynn's wife called him Monday and suggested that maybe he shouldn't go to his regular gig at the restaurant because she was afraid he might be targeted.

"They're stereotyping," Flynn said of the people who want to target people dressed as clowns. "It's not much different than racial stereotyping."

By itself, coulrophobia — a fear of clowns — doesn't justify attacking someone, the police department said, referring to the Utah law explaining when it is permissible to use force against another person.

"If someone is standing on the sidewalk, dressed like a clown and they don't have any weapons ... when we respond and that person decides to look at us and walk the other way without saying a word, we can't do anything," Orem police wrote in the post. "If you call, we will answer the phone, and we will send an officer out. That's what we do. Just understand that sometimes we can't do anything about it if no laws are being broken."

However, Orem police also warned that anyone who plans to use "[social media]-fueled scare tactic as an excuse to dress up like clowns and frighten people ... and chase kids around to scare them" may face criminal charges.

The hysteria is "very discouraging" for Flynn, not just from a business standpoint, but also for anyone who has interest in the career meant to "make people's days a little brighter."

Threats from creepy clowns this week — none of which has been proved to be legitimate — have put Utah school administrators on edge and sucked up law enforcement resources.

"Remember that everything you read online is not always true," Orem police wrote. "Some of these clown stories circulating around have been made up."
A TERRIFYING clown hoax has been sweeping America… and some believe the creepy craze is about to move to the UK.

Last month, the chilling epidemic was rife in the USA, as witnesses reported spotting men in clown costumes trying to lure kids into the woods. As authorities fear for the safety of children, multiple safety warnings have been issued by the US police.

If that wasn’t haunting enough, just this week, UK reports revealed that schoolchildren in Newcastle were being targeted by the criminal clowns.

Could this alarming trend be making its way to Britain? Here’s everything you need to know about the prevalent problem…

What is the killer clown hoax? There are many theories as to why there have been so many clown sightings in recent months.

In scenes that very much resemble something out of a horror film, the costumed men have been sighted lurking in woodland and residential areas.

Some bold criminals have even made there way into house porches or have peered in through windows in a sinister manner.

Many believe that the worrying reports are all part of an elaborate prank.

They are adamant that the hoax is simply a promotion that's linked to Stephen King’s IT film, an upcoming thriller poised to hit the big screen.

Others think the clowns are merely some pranksters trying to terrorise neighbourhoods across the US.

How many sightings have there been?

THP says watch for clowns trying to lure children in to the woods. They are possibly predators. Call 911 or *847 pic.twitter.com/7AaEOj4WuE

— TN Highway Patrol (@TNHighwayPatrol) September 24, 2016

There’s no doubt that the craze is more prevalent in the US, as there's been reports of strange sightings in almost a dozen cities.

In Alabama alone, seven people, including two adults and five juveniles, have been arrested over the crime.

Each individual is currently facing charges for committing an act of terrorism.

View image on Twitter
View image on Twitter
 Follow
 Phil Pendleton ✔ @philtvnews
Middlesboro police catch man in scary clown costume. More on @WKYT @WYMT
10:01 AM - 23 Sep 2016
  77 77 Retweets   56 56 likes
In the UK, sightings and arrests are far less common but they have still been noted.

Earlier this week, Northumbria Police revealed that they had received six separate reports of clown sightings since Friday.

What is phantom clown theory?

killer clown GETTY IMAGES
2
Could the clown sightings just be all in people's imaginations?
Some experts believe that the staggering surge in clown sightings is a result of the fear provoked by social media.

People are also likely to have an underlying concern about clowns, as they have been such prominent horror villains in television and film.

As reports have sparked mass hysteria, people are more likely to believe that they have seen something suspicious.

Cryptozoologist Loren Coleman, who studies uncategorised species, has described this epidemic as the Phantom Clown Syndrome.

He explained that more people are seeing clowns because they have a “primal dread that so many children experience in their presence”.

READ NOW:

Hunt for mysterious creepy clown carrying black balloons after he is spotted prowling the streets of U.S. city at night
Terrified staff held up at gunpoint by rampaging CLOWNS who stormed Taco Bell and Domino’s Pizza
Chilling moment model is sent death-threat by troll dressed as a CLOWN
 


TOPICS EXPLAINERS KILLER CLOWNS
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
1
COMMENTS
COMMENTS
1 comment
Sign in
 
 
+ Follow
Share
Post comment as...
Newest | Oldest | Top Comments
tim campbell
tim campbell Oct 5, 2016
Fire a few rounds off above their heads and see if that wipes the smile off their stupid faces

FlagShareLIKEREPLY
MOST POPULAR

SOME SWIM WRONG This woman stuns the web after showing off her bikini... but can YOU spot what's wrong with it?

ROYAL FUMBLE British WWE star Paige victim of sex tape leak after X-rated videos were hacked from her phone and posted…

IN CON-TEXT? EastEnders blunder as fans notice St Patrick's Day date is a month EARLY in February

DR PAM SPURR These are the six things men are desperate for you to do in the bedroom

MOVING ON Stephanie Davis breaks social media silence following Jeremy McConnell assault allegations

ARE YOU THE LUCKY WINNER? National Lottery results live: Winning Lotto numbers for Saturday 18 March £19.2m jackpot

HOLIDAY FAIL Thousands of Brits' holidays CANCELLED as tour operator goes bust - here's what to do if you're affected

EXCLUSIVE
JOCKEY SEX VID AGONY Sexual photos and videos of Cheltenham jockey Lizzie Kelly shared by racegoers ahead of her historic…

STAR SHAME As Emma Watson takes legal action over 'nude photos' leak we look at other celebs pics to turn up online

BEAUTY AND THE LEAK! Emma Watson nude picture fears as her private photos are leaked online

EXCLUSIVE
'MY DAYS ARE NUMBERED' Sir Michael Caine drops TWO STONE as part of 'health kick' triggered by fear of dying from cancer

BRITAIN'S RUDEST NUMBER PLATE This risqué car reg plate is on the market for £6,000 - but it may upset your neighbours

WESTEROS-ENDERS? EastEnders fans notice something very familiar about Lauren Branning's photocopier guy

EXCLUSIVE
'WE TRIED TO MAKE HIM STAY' Take That's Gary Barlow, Howard Donald and Mark Owen reveal why Jason Orange really left

EXCLUSIVE
DIAMOND SCAM Towie star Dan Edgar's fraudulent investment company scammed customers out of £450k by selling overpriced…
JUST PUBLISHED

BORO 1 MAN UTD 3 Manchester United can't defend, are not good enough but are a top four threat this season

BARBIE GIRL Bianca Gascoigne sizzles in a pink snakeskin bikini on another hol days after CBB 'boyfriend' Jamie O'Hara's…

LATEST
SUSPECT ON THE RUN Pictured, man hunted by cops after boy, 1, dies and twin sister fights for life in brutal 'hammer attack'…

SECRETS OF THE DEEP Marine experts break covert wartime codes in bid to find £4.5BILLION of British gold on liner sunk…

TV TIMES When is Tottenham vs Southampton, what TV channel is it on and what is latest team news?

'ONE OF OUR OWN' Victor Valdes finally the hero for Man United as his error gifts Jose Mourinho's men all three points

X-RATED SHOCKER Paige sex tape bombshell as fans express outrage at 'sex act over WWE championship belt'

ONCE A RED Is former Manchester United star Dimitar Berbatov set for a shock return to English football with Salford City?
— TN Highway Patrol (@TNHighwayPatrol) September 24, 2016

There’s no doubt that the craze is more prevalent in the US, as there's been reports of strange sightings in almost a dozen cities.

In Alabama alone, seven people, including two adults and five juveniles, have been arrested over the crime.

Each individual is currently facing charges for committing an act of terrorism. In the UK, sightings and arrests are far less common but they have still been noted.

Earlier this week, Northumbria Police revealed that they had received six separate reports of clown sightings since Friday.

What is phantom clown theory? Some experts believe that the staggering surge in clown sightings is a result of the fear provoked by social media.

People are also likely to have an underlying concern about clowns, as they have been such prominent horror villains in television and film.

As reports have sparked mass hysteria, people are more likely to believe that they have seen something suspicious.

Cryptozoologist Loren Coleman, who studies uncategorised species, has described this epidemic as the Phantom Clown Syndrome.

He explained that more people are seeing clowns because they have a “primal dread that so many children experience in their presence”.


Students at Dedham High School have received threatening text messages from anonymous “clowns,” prompting school officials to contact police and advise parents to monitor their children’s cell phone activity.

The anonymous texts mentioned a clown and are “vague, generic, and from an unknown number,” School Superintendent Michael Welch wrote in a letter to the school community.

One of the texts introduced the sender as “a friendly clown from (your) area” and detailed a violent act — “Be there or be killed sooner,” it read.

The texts have been reported to Dedham police, Welch wrote. A spokesman for the Dedham police could not be reached for comment Tuesday night.

The texts are the latest local example of a national phenomenon of students receiving threatening messages or reported encounters with creepy clowns. At least one such sighting has been reported in Massachusetts, the Globe reported Monday.

In the letter, Welch advised parents to monitor their children’s cell phone activity and to discuss with their children the seriousness of engaging in threatening messages.

“We will pursue and investigate any threat seriously and will work with students to provide perspective on this sequence,” Welch wrote.
Creepy clowns are nothing new. They're front and center at Artistic Costumes in Towson. But this season's scary clown hysteria is something new. It's a nationwide phenomenon that's being fed by hundreds of bogus reports of clown threats, attacks and sightings that includes a rash of hoaxes in Annapolis a couple weeks ago. Just ahead of Halloween, some jurisdictions have banned clown costumes in schools. Others are urging parents to rethink their children's costume choice.
The creator of the paint-faced villain Pennywise, in his novel It, responds to panic over spate of ‘clown-related activity’ across the country After instilling a fear of clowns into millions of readers with his malevolent character Pennywise, novelist Stephen King has urged an America alarmed by a flurry of threatening clown sightings that it’s “time to cool the clown hysteria”. The first sighting was in Greenville, South Carolina, where a small boy told his mother that a pair of clowns had tried to lure him away. A number of clowns have since been spotted in states including Florida, New York, Wisconsin and Kentucky. Time magazine totted up sightings in more than 24 states, with a handful of arrests. Its report said: “In Alabama, at least seven people face felony charges of making a terrorist threat connected to ‘clown-related activity’.”

David Kiser, a talent recruiter for Ringling Bros circus company, told the Guardian that “since caveman days, people would smear ashes on their faces to make each other laugh. Other times they would smear ashes on their faces to scare each other.” Scott Bonn, a criminologist and professor of sociology at Drew University in New Jersey, told Time that “the fascination with clowns is really the fact that they’re not real. We don’t know what’s beneath that makeup. It could be anyone or anything. They’re actually very frightening.” King’s clown creation, Pennywise, has terrified readers since he appeared in his novel It in 1986. “There was a clown in the stormdrain. The light in there was far from good, but it was good enough so that George Denbrough was sure of what he was seeing,” writes King. “The face of the clown in the stormdrain was white, there were funny tufts of red hair on either side of his bald head, and there was a big clown-smile painted over his mouth … ‘They float,’ it growled, ‘they float’, Georgie, and when you’re down here with me, you’ll float, too.’” Pennywise was played by Tim Curry in a 1990 TV adaptation. A forthcoming film will see Bill Skarsgård taking on the role of the killer clown – and some commentators are suggesting the wave of spooky activity could be viral marketing for the film. But despite his own contribution to coulrophobia – the fear of clowns – King has urged his millions of followers on Twitter not to worry about the rash of sightings across the US. “Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria – most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh,” he wrote.

His followers were unconvinced. “Except the ones that live in stormdrains, right?” said one, while another was clear that “nothing contributed more to my clown hysteria than It”.

One Twitter user came up with a particularly creepy hypothesis. “This is exactly what Pennywise would say if he hijacked your account, ‘Stephen’,” they wrote.
TUCSON, Ariz. — A "Clown Lives Matter" march has been scheduled in Tucson in response to the social-media frenzy about creepy clowns in Arizona and other parts of the country.

According to a flier posted on Facebook by Nikki Sinn, the "peaceful walk" will take place at 6:30 p.m. Oct. 15 on Fourth Avenue in Tucson.

"This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers. We want the public to feel safe and not be afraid. So come out, bring the family, meet a clown and get a hug!" the flier said.

Serious or just a sick joke? What we know about creepy clown reports
Participants were invited to wear full clown makeup or masks, the flier said.

Sinn, the organizer of the march, was not immediately available for comment.

This walk comes in the midst of a social media-propelled trend about people dressed as clowns looking to harm others, primarily on or near school campuses around the nation.

In Arizona, there have been clown sightings at the University of Arizona and threats made on Phoenix and Mesa schools. The "creepy clown" threats were found to be unsubstantiated, police said, but five teenagers have been detained on suspicion of being behind the threats.

"Because the clown story is traveling by social media, it is fast and furious. It propagates easily. It moves faster and faster, and it takes hold in communities of people and becomes fashionable," said Catherine F. Brooks, the director of UA's Center for Digital Society and Data Studies.

The Rev. Reginald Walton, chairman of the Arizona Black Lives Matter campaign, told The Republic that the rally's name is "insensitive."

"The recent events in this country involving clowns has gripped the nation and caused an epidemic of fear," Walton said.  "The notion of a Clown Lives Matter rally is insensitive, as the issue of police brutality and violence is a serious issue and the clown issue is not as important.

"The Clown Lives Matter rally takes away the focus of a serious issue in this country that we are working with law enforcement and the community to resolve."
Welp, local police said they've been receiving clown threats and some have threatened another school in my district but today they actually found 4 and my friend saw one on a school trail Very frightened rn excuse my shitty grammar Just-Clowning-Around -1 points 5 months ago 
We are everywhere.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Inquisitor_Aid 2 points 5 months ago 
Just don't squeak your nose at my direction
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TheWaffleH0use 1 point 5 months ago 
Ay imma pop a cap in yo funky clown ass
I know this may sound pretty fucking stupid, but about the clowns, since they are popping up all over the place, could it be a secret cult we never really knew about? I was thinking about this for a while since the clowns popped up and shit.
I'm fucking terrified for my life because of the clowns and finding them in the places I found that where I thought was safe. (Codeword:"was"). I'm even scared for my lil sibs when they go to school...
But back to my theory,
What if the clowns really is a cult or a large group of people who think that they could possibly strike the world down if they start dressing up and making people fear them to feel power. Or maybe the murders they do is a form of sacrifice or something.
I don't know. This is just word vomit and my theory on this.
I fucking hate clowns now because of all this bullshit man.
What are you're thoughts on this though. It would be awesome to see what you guys think. Tarrem 2 points 5 months ago 
I think that shit is gonna hit the fan on Halloween. I thought about dressing up as a clown, take TWD approach, but then I saw people beating up the clowns so I'm just going to lock my doors and stay home where I hope is safe. Also, this thing is either gonna go away when IT comes out, or get a lot worse.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]etothepi 2 points 5 months ago 
I keep thinking it's gotta be some subgang of the juggalos.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]AwkwardTobias[S] 2 points 5 months ago 
That could be a Possibility too dude. There has to be some weird forum for the clowns to meet up when they aren't out being creepy as fuck
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]sayjayvee 1 point 5 months ago 
I'm pretty worried about Halloween. All those innocent kids that could be attacked... i hope police maybe will do their rounds around neighborhoods more on that day, just to make sure everyone is safe.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Just-Clowning-Around 0 points 5 months ago 
You will find out this Halloween. 🎃
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]AwkwardTobias[S] 1 point 5 months ago 
^ This fucking comment though.....I'm not even going to be giving candy on Halloween.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TheWaffleH0use 1 point 5 months ago 
For this reason I might actually do All Hallows Eve
The creepy-clown phenomenon has produced its first North Jersey case of bona-fide trouble, as police say a pickup truck filled with teenagers, some wearing frightening clown masks, followed and taunted a female motorist for 20 miles, resulting in a summons against the driver and unrelated charge against a passenger.

The early Wednesday incident began in Butler and, by the female motorist's account to police, nearly caused an accident with the pickup before the latter vehicle was pulled over by a Fair Lawn patrol officer in Paramus.

The victim, a 24-year-old from Hawthorne, said she had been driving her Hyundai Elantra on Route 23 South in Butler around 1 a.m. Wednesday when a black Toyota Tundra pulled up next to her and two occupants wearing clown masks and hanging outside the vehicle started yelling, said Sgt. Brian Metzler of the Fair Lawn Police Department. “You can imagine at 1 a.m., you see that and get startled,” said Metzler.

The victim, who was with a 25-year-old passenger from North Haledon, slammed on her brakes when the incident first occurred, then continued driving and called 9-1-1. The victims said they were unsure if the occupants of the truck, hanging out of the right side passenger windows of the pickup, were holding anything in their hands during the encounter. State Police and Wyckoff Police then issued an alert to surrounding areas.

The pickup continued to follow the victim's vehicle from Route 23 in Butler to Route 287 North, then onto Route 208 South until Fair Lawn Police Officer Luis Vasquez located the Toyota on Route 4 East in Paramus. Vasquez, with assistance from Paramus Police and State Police, initiated a motor vehicle stop, and officers found two clown masks inside the vehicle. They also allegedly found marijuana and a knife on one of the passengers, 18-year-old Conner Moreno of Lodi.

Moreno was charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance and released. The driver, 19-year-old Cortney Thissen of Fair Lawn, received a traffic summons for reckless driving. The other passengers - two 18-year-old males from Saddle Brook and Hackensack and a 19-year-old female from Hasbrouck Heights - were released at the scene without charges. The two passengers who wore clown masks, Moreno and the 18-year-old Saddle Brook male, who was not identified because he was not charged, told police they only waved their hands at the victims as they hung out of the vehicle.

According to Metzler, the occupants of the pickup and the victims do not know each other, eliminating the possibility that the incident was a prank among friends. The victims could opt to file criminal complaints in Butler, because it is the jurisdiction where the incident occurred, he said. Despite heightened concerns of creepy-clown activity across the country, Metzler said this is the only clown-related incident in the Fair Lawn area that he is aware of.

“I believe it's just an isolated incident,” he said. “It was more of young adults not using their heads.”
Hey guys Short time lurker literally joined this sub Reddit yesterday anyways I've been hearing from people around my high school that the clowns are planning on doing a purge. Anyone else heard stuff like this? Also anyone knows / what are your thoughts if this is like a cult or just a bunch of idiots trying to get themselves either killed or arrested? ghostofpennwast 3 points 5 months ago 
Clowns are killing children and abducting them. If you see a clown, run as fast as you can and get to safety.
These people are merciless.
One clowns get a taste of human blood, they can never forget it.
I don't know how many states Clownqaeda is present in, but they are ruthless. Take no chances.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]fuckgangstarap 1 point 5 months ago 
yeah man they kill people.. you gotta watch your back out there.
Across America, clowns are putting their big feet down.

After 30 years of being associated with evil intent and offended by a recent surge in “clown spotting” around the country, entertainers who don the makeup and garb associated with the art form have swapped their squirting flowers for flowery words.

Ron Anglin, a professional clown who works for a children’s health care center in Atlanta, began a social media campaign Wednesday night to fight back.

“To counter all the horrible images out there,” he wrote on Facebook, “I am asking you to help me flood Facebook with images that show what REAL Clowns do!”

Under the hashtag (a way of indexing social media topics) #RealClownsAreAboutLove, other clown performers are posting pictures of their work and the crowds they entertain. It’s the latest instance of a heretofore harmless activity that has taken a public beating because of mass hysteria fueled by performance media or news events:

 With the 1960 film “Psycho,” director Alfred Hitchcock made a generation afraid to take showers when they were home alone.

 When Ronald Clark O’Bryan poisoned his 8-year-old son with tainted candy on Oct. 31, 1974, he single-handedly destroyed Halloween for generations of families.

The Detroit-based rap duo Insane Clown Posse began in the early 1980s, dressing as clowns to sell their unique brand of hardcore hip-hop, which they call “horrorcore.” Then and to this day, it appeals mainly to a small-but-fervent group of fans.

The ongoing circus over clowns, however, went mainstream with Stephen King’s 1986 horror novel “It” and the subsequent 1990 television adaptation. It's scheduled to be released as a movie next year.

In his book, King told the story of a murderous clown, beginning a backlash that would undo centuries of tradition.

That book, more than anything, is blamed for turning the public perception of clowns from pleasant, paint-faced practitioners of fun and pathos into ghastly symbols of fear.

For his part, King, jumped into the mix this week to defend clowns. He issued a Tweet saying, “Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria—most of ’em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.”

Still, pranksters continue riffing on King’s “It” imagery.

It began Aug. 20, when a prankster dressed as a clown was spotted in the woods behind an apartment complex in Greenville, S.C., spooking residents and their children.

Since then, a clown car stuffed full of copycats has spread across the country, showing up outside schools and in various locations in 10 states trying to scare witnesses. Rumors, fueled by social media, have spread the fear across the nation.

At least five San Antonio-area school districts that have had to deal with rumors of clown sightings or activity have sent home letters promoting student safety.

“These things kind of take a life of their own,” said Barry Perez, a Northside ISD spokesman.

The explosion of spooky sightings — like a cigar blowing up in a clown’s mouth — is the sudden, irrational culmination of an urban legend that’s grown for years.

“I’ve been doing clown work for 37 years as a Shrine clown and on my own,” said John Viner of Universal City. “Ever since Stephen King did that movie ‘It,’ it has created negative reactions for me.”

Decades earlier, Viner’s dad had dreamed of entertaining kids as a father-son clown team. The idea was that his father, a commercial artist, would draw pictures and Viner, then only a fifth-grader, would make balloon animals.

There wasn’t enough money to pay for the plan, however, so the Viners never did it.

When Viner's father died, Viner took up clowning as a tribute to him. Viner became a Shrine clown, performing at hospitals and also hiring out to do parties.

“I enjoy entertaining kids,” he said. “I don’t like them being scared of me.”

It’s now a Viner family tradition. Wife Rhenae Viner clowns as Bubblegum and daughter Coriann Viner-Baker clowns as Violet.

Some clowns have shelved their facepaint.

“I don’t perform anymore as a clown because I don’t like that children are scared,” said Mary Ann Tapia, who makes balloon animals for local parties as Silly McNilly.

The art of clowning dates back centuries, various historical sources say, beginning with court jesters who performed for royalty.

Some clowns lost their way over the years, performing in blackface for minstrel shows. That practice now is frowned upon though, surprisingly, it’s still legal in the U.S.

The mainstream clowning of today, however, consists of performers in exaggerated makeup and clothing who do physical shtick, perform magic, create balloon animals, juggle or any combination.

Though King popularized the image of the demonic, murderous clown, there were incidents and media portrayals well before “It,” said Frank T. McAndrews, the Dudley Professor of Psychology at Knox College in Galesburg, Ill.

Serial killer John Wayne Gacy, who murdered 33 boys and young men in the Chicago area in the 1970s, appeared at children's birthday parties as "Pogo the Clown.” That was a large rubber hammer to the clown image.

“After (creepy clown sightings) occurred in the Boston area in the 1980s,” McAndrews wrote, "Loren Coleman, a cryptozoologist who studies the folklore behind mythical beasts such as Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster, came up with something called ‘The Phantom Clown Theory,’ which attributes the proliferation of clown sightings to mass hysteria (usually sparked by incidents witnessed only by children).”

There’s even a field of research, called coulrophobia, that studies the irrational fear of clowns. According to Canadian psychologist Rami Nader, McAndrews said, clown phobias are fueled by the fact that clowns wear makeup and disguises that hide their true identities and feelings.

That realization changed the way Silly McNilly performs, Tapia said.

“I don’t wear clown makeup anymore,” she said. “I wear a red heart on my nose and some glittery eyelashes, and that’s it.”
WAIANAE, OAHU (HawaiiNewsNow) -
Creepy clown hysteria has reached Hawaii.

On the mainland in recent weeks, there's been a spate of creepy clown sightings and even assaults. Several people have been arrested following threats.

And on Thursday, rumors of threats to Waianae Intermediate by a group of clowns prompted an official response from the school's administrators.

Parents and students got concerned after an 808Clownz Instagram post implied there would be an attack on campus Friday.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Army Garrison-Hawaii said it received an inquiry about clowns making threats.

Both threats turned out to be products of hoaxes, but residents remain on edge.
00:00
/
00:00
00:00
"I don't think it's funny. It could be a joke but it's not funny. A threat is a threat and we gotta take it seriously," said Barbara Mindoro, parent of a student at Waianae Intermediate.

Honolulu police visited the Waianae campus Thursday, but said there were no actual reports of suspicious activity. They urged anyone with information about actual threats to call 911.

Dennis Drake, spokesman for the U.S. Army Garrison-Hawaii, added: "We have not had any confirmed sightings of clowns on any of our Army bases. Our MPs have not had any phone calls."

All this clown hysteria is also causing concern for ... legitimate clowns.

Chris Teijeiro has worked as a clown in Hawaii for more than 30 years. He said the so-called clown attack C\craze on the mainland started out as a prank that got out of hand.

"People have to understand, clowns aren't really scary. It's people are scary," said Teijeiro, who works as Chris Da Clown. "My dog is not even afraid of me, man."
He said the alleged threats at Waianae Intermediate are just mean-spirited. "Bullies are never good and people who try to scare people are never good. But it will all go away by the end of Halloween," he said.
In recent weeks, the country has been terrorized by scary clowns. The social-media-fueled hysteria has been sweeping across the U.S., starting in the southeast, and it appears to have finally arrived in SoCal.

The L.A. Times reports that the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department has issued warnings about men wearing clown masks and wielding knives at random strangers to videotape their terrified reactions. In Temecula, an online posting warned that clowns would kidnap students and kill teachers at a local school, and a Fontana teen is now in a juvenile detention center after being arrested for making violent threats involving a “scary clown picture,” according to the Press-Enterprise. In San Pedro, ABC7 reports that two individuals dressed as creepy clowns, though apparently unarmed, were found skulking around a local elementary school, and the Orange County Register has logged sightings in Huntington Beach, as well as threats on a school in Irvine. 

So what, exactly, is going on here? It all seems to have started in Greenville, S.C., back in August, when the media reported that “suspicious clowns were attempting to lure children into the woods,” according to NPR. Costumed copycats then started popping up in state after state, playing into the widespread sense that something about clowns can be pretty unsettling. In some incidents there are reports of the clowns robbing their victims at knife or gunpoint or attempting other mayhem, but the vast majority of the creepy clown sightings seem to be just Halloween-season pranks or even outright hoaxes carried out entirely online.

Since most of the sightings are pretty harmless, there’s probably no immediate reason to start glancing over your shoulder, fearing a creepy clown is sneaking up on you—but then again, you probably can never be too careful when it comes to clowns. 
Depending on your level of coulrophobia, you'll either be thrilled or horrified to know that there has been a rash of creepy clowns popping up at random to scare people throughout the United States. Even if you're not afraid of clowns, you can at least admit that a demented clown invasion doesn't sound like barrels of fun, especially since we have no idea why it's happening. The locations are all different, the clowns are different people, and they target indiscriminately. While some of the incidents may be harmless pranks, the idea there could be a real-life Pennywise out there that is really horrifying.

So get ready for the worst kind of carnival ride out there, and hope that you're not the next one to experience a creepy clown sighting yourself.

Pranksters In Clown Masks Threaten Socal Police reported three instances of people dressed as clowns approaching civilizing while brandishing kitchen knives in Lancaster, CA in the first week of October, 2016. A relatively new creepy clown-themed Instagram account called wearecomingtocali, meanwhile, threatens, "We will be invading Los Angeles, Carson, Culver City, Torrance, Crenshaw, Inglewood, Pasadena, Compton, Lakewood, Palmdale etc." 

In all reported instances of clown scaring in Lancaster, the clown in question made no attempt to rob its victim, leading police to believe they're trying to scare people. Why no one has yet to pummel these clowns remains unclear, though the ones who invade Compton may get a rude awakening, and learn the hard way that walking around a gang-embattled neighborhood dressed like a moron while brandishing a weapon is probably a really f*cking bad idea. 


Clowns Arrive in Oklahoma, Along with Threats
As evil impostors run amok, actual clowns lose gigs Gerald Herdegen was sitting with his fellow professionals in a convention hall in Merrillville, Ind., last week when a woman came out of the elevator, saw a word describing the event and started screaming to her husband that they had to leave.

The word? Clowns.

“There was no one in costume, not one person in costume,” said Mr. Herdegen, a 75-year-old clown from Grand Rapids, Mich., who goes by the stage name Choo-Choo. “Can you believe it?”

It isn’t funny being a clown these days. The nation has fallen into the grips of a creepy-clown epidemic with sightings of malevolent clowns spreading across the country. Schools have closed. Arrests have been made.

That makes for a lot of sad clowns.

Clown troupes are rejecting invitations to parades. Moms are canceling clown bookings to children’s parties. Clowns are staying away from sick children at the hospital, and some have faced arrest for trying to do their jobs of making people laugh. They fear going out in the attire of their chosen career. “The fake clowns are winning right now,” says Tim Cunningham, a 38-year-old lecturer at the University of Virginia and a professional clown on the board of Clowns Without Borders, a nonprofit that travels the world to perform for underprivileged children.

He normally wears a full costume when he delivers lectures on the benefits of clowning. Now, he tones it down. Sometimes he wears his red nose. Sometimes, he feels the mood just isn’t right.

In Houston, a clown troupe affiliated with a church was driving in a van to their performance venue on Wednesday. At a traffic stop, a group of teenage girls looked into the van, screamed and sped off, said Judy Cornett, president of the Texas Clown Association.

When they arrived at the venue, someone in the parking lot reported them to authorities. The troupe has canceled other gigs scheduled for this week.

“We are all sticking together,” said Ms. Cornett, also known as Peep the Clown. “We are doing gigs together, making sure we aren’t out alone, and measuring whether we want to do gigs.”

It all began in late August in Greenville, S.C., with reports of clowns trying to lure children into the woods. A spokesman for the Greenville Sheriff’s office said investigators haven't obtained any evidence backing up the clown sightings.

Since then, suspicious clown sightings have been reported in 38 states from California to Maine, according to social media accounts such as @Clownparanoia with thousands of followers.

View image on Twitter
In many cases, the sightings are unsubstantiated hoaxes.

Still, the scare has prompted schools to send out warning letters and police to issue notices to the community that this behavior is just “not cute or funny.”

Schools in Greeley, Colo., just a couple of miles from the University of Northern Colorado where Mr. Cunningham was delivering a guest lecture on clowning, were practically empty one day last week, he said, when most students stayed home amid threats that a clown was going to attack.

Vigilantes in some states have vowed to track down menacing clowns.

The environment is particularly dangerous—for real clowns.

Mike Wesley, a 62-year-old retired clown who lives outside of Columbus, Ohio, says he was sitting at a hospital cafeteria a few days ago in his civilian clothes when he heard the topic of clowns come up at the table next to his. The group of men was talking about hunting down and killing clowns.

“It got me kind of shook,” Mr. Wesley says. “I found a reason to leave.”

This week, the Orem Police Department in Utah said officers have answered dozens of queries from residents asking if they can “shoot or take action against someone that is dressed up as a clown.”

“That is not a simple yes or no question,” the Orem police said in a Facebook post. “We understand that clowns to some people are already ‘creepy’…however, if someone is standing on the sidewalk, dressed like a clown and they don’t have any weapons and they are just standing there…we can’t do anything.”

At the University of Illinois at Chicago this week, police responded to calls of a “creepy clown” on campus. They apprehended the man, but released him when they realized he was a student dressed for a performance art project. “It is very difficult to differentiate between an innocent or hostile clown, since either type has a creepy vibe anyway,” says Elijah Hernandez, a UIC student who witnessed the incident.

Fear of clowns, called coulrophobia, has bubbled up over the years, spurred on by pop-culture figures such as the Joker from the Batman comics and real-life figures such as serial killer John Wayne Gacy Jr., who used to volunteer as a clown in his neighborhood.

Andrew Stott, an English professor at the University of Buffalo, who studies entertainment culture and labels himself a “reluctant clown expert,” says the Gacy case coupled with Stephen King’s 1986 novel-turned-movie “It,” was a “turning point and a watershed at which people began to become suspicious” of clowns. “We look at clowns and think ‘what drives you to dress up this way?’ ” Mr. Stott says. “It is a terrible libel on what they are doing, but we can’t help it, we are very suspicious of strangers dressing up and approaching children.”

Maureen Draganowski, a 50-year-old clown in Elmhurst, Ill., who goes by the name MoMo, says the social-media-driven phenomenon is “ramping up and popping up everywhere.” At first, she says, it “didn’t even click that the phone hasn’t been ringing” to ask for bookings for parties.

“I just thought, goodness it has been kind of quiet! But it really hit home when there was an alert for clown sightings in the neighboring town,” she says. “It really is everyone’s turn to pick on us.”

The real clowns insist that they will survive the onslaught, with Clowns Without Borders starting a hashtag #WeStandWithClowns and other clown groups starting the hashtag #RealClownsAreAboutLove.

“Why do we laugh at clowns? Because they screw up,” said Mr. Cunningham. “But we will certainly bounce back.”

Corrections & Amplifications: 
Tim Cunningham is a lecturer at the University of Virginia. An earlier version of this article incorrectly said he was a lecturer at the University of Northern Colorado.
Image: mozzytheclown "Okay Let's Play A Game 10/7/2016 Were Gonna Role A Dice And Whatever School It Lands On Where Gonna Shoot Up All The Kids And The Teachers Okay Let's Get Started!!!!!! Lindhurst High School Yuba Gardens Ella Elementary Marysville High School/Community Day Rio Del Ora Elementary" Creepy clown hysteria hit Sacramento this week – just as Halloween fright season begins – with schools across the region reporting threatening messages from people calling themselves clowns, an 8-year-old boy in Galt chased home by people in clown costumes and a boy arrested in Marysville.

Scores of law enforcement agencies across the nation have reported menacing behavior in recent weeks by people purporting to be clowns, both online and in real life.

The law enforcement community isn’t laughing. “I don’t think it’s funny at all,” said Lt. Christian Sachs of the Marysville Police Department.

On Friday, the Marysville Police Department announced it had arrested a 12-year-old boy on felony charges. Police said the boy, dubbing himself “mozzytheclown,” posted a list of Marysville schools on Instagram and said he would roll dice to decide which one he would visit to “shoot up all the kids and the teachers.” All the schools were placed on a “soft lockdown” Thursday in response to the threat.

On Wednesday, a Galt boy was chased home by two people wearing clown masks. That incident came a day after the Elk Grove and Natomas Unified school districts sent letters to parents informing them of “School Hit List” published on Instagram by a user named “Sac.townclowns.” Sachs said call volume to his police department has increased in recent days as people report seeing scary clowns. Most of the time, officers haven’t been able to locate a clown when they arrive. Officers did, however, suggest to one man walking around Marysville in a clown mask with his wife and children that he rethink his brand of humor.

In the case of the 12-year-old boy who was arrested, the police did not recover weapons from the home – or a clown costume.

“We take all these threats seriously,” Sachs said.

The wave of clown terror is worrying actual clowns who depend on landing entertainment gigs to pay the bills. It also has the potential to affect the way the nation celebrates Halloween, the annual embrace of all things creepy. Will fright houses ramp up the use of scary clowns or avoid using clowns altogether? Will parents allow their kids to dress up as clowns? Novelist Stephen King may have done more than anyone to propagate the idea of creepy clowns through his novel “It,” which features a demon who takes the form of a child-killing clown. Now King is calling for an end to the wave of clown fear.

“Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria – most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh,” King wrote on Twitter earlier this week.

Sacramento part-time clown performer Sue Schooley said she’s worried the people posing as creepy clowns are ruining it for real clowns – the kind who make their living by entertaining people.

“This is very sad. There are many professional clowns that take their art seriously,” said Schooley, a government worker by day who started clowning at age 13. “This is giving professional clowns a really bad name. It has the potential to hurt people’s livelihood. “Some teenagers think it’s funny and a joke, but it’s serious,” said Schooley, who performs as Nene the Clown.

Clowns in Tucson, Ariz., have gone so far as to schedule a “Clown Lives Matter” peace walk on Oct. 15. “This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers. We want the public to feel safe and not be afraid. So come out, bring the family, meet a clown and get a hug!” the online flier reads.

Schooley said a small percentage of kids have always been scared of clowns – a fear dubbed coulrophobia. The seeming proliferation of intentionally creepy clowns could lead fewer parents to hire a clown for an event, she said.

Two Sacramento area haunted houses appear to be taking different approaches toward the use of scary clowns this Halloween. A spokeswoman for Dire World, at the fairgrounds in Roseville, said it won’t be using any creepy clowns to scare guests.

“We don’t have any creepy clowns,” said Abigail Carpenter, a spokeswoman for the seasonal attraction. “We are not going to exploit people’s fear in that way.”

They will instead employ zombies, an execution chamber and an insane asylum to incite fear, she said.

“I do hope that it comes to a close quickly,” she said of the clown terror wave. “I would hate for it to hurt the clown industry or the haunt industry.”

Over at Cal Expo, the Fright Planet haunted house appears to be taking a different approach that embraces the clown hysteria. Fright Planet representatives could not be reached Friday, but the attraction’s website features a red-haired clown with blood staining his white ruffled bib, gloves and teeth.

“Shh... we’re back!” reads the caption.
A series of creepy clown sightings across the United States has caused a wave of hysteria, forcing police and schools to scramble to contain spreading jitters, and even the White House to weigh in.

The spooky sightings were first reported in August in South Carolina when police were called in to investigate what turned out to be bogus accounts of men dressed as clowns trying to lure children into the woods.

But similar sightings have since been reported in more than a dozen states with authorities forced to react to stories of clowns lurking outside schools or businesses, armed clowns driving around in a van or clowns prowling neighborhoods.

One school in Ohio even shut down over security concerns after a woman said she was attacked by a man dressed as a clown. And hundreds of students at Penn State University, in Pennsylvania, went on the hunt for jesters Tuesday night after reports of creepy clown sightings.

Coming just weeks before Halloween, when millions of children across the United States don costumes and go house-to-house trick-or-treating, the frenzy has become a social media sensation with the hashtag #IfISeeAClown trending on twitter and the @SpookyClowns account attracting 186,000 followers.

– Targeting schools? –

Meanwhile Instagram has exploded with posts of people dressed in clown costumes staring menacingly at the camera or photos of clowns appealing for understanding or offering free hugs.

The hysteria spread further this week with officials in California and Oregon forced to respond to numerous clown sightings — largely considered to be hoaxes — and social media threats against schools, also considered to be pranks.

Sergeant Juan Briseno, of the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, told AFP that patrols outside schools had been increased in the city of Carson, south of downtown Los Angeles, following a threatening message on Twitter about clowns targeting an area high school.

“I have sent our school deputy to go speak with every school within our jurisdiction and make them aware of the situation,” Briseno said.

The city of Lancaster, north of Los Angeles, was also swept into the frenzy this week after men wearing clown masks — and possibly carrying kitchen knives — were seen walking around in what police said was an attempt to frighten people.

At one school in Oregon, officials sent an email to worried parents this week reassuring them after a rumor spread about clowns planning to harm local students.

– No laughing matter –

“This rumor has surfaced across the country, mostly due to people reposting or sharing previous (social media) posts,” the email states.

“We are working with our partners at Portland police to monitor this issue.”

The White House weighed in on the phenomenon this week saying the sinister sightings that have led to about a dozen arrests should be taken seriously and that the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security had been consulted on how to handle the scare.

“Obviously, this is a situation that local law enforcement authorities take quite seriously and they should carefully and thoroughly review, you know, perceived threats to the safety of the community and they should do so prudently,” said White House spokesman Josh Earnest.

Experts said the epidemic of real or imagined sightings and ensuing hysteria could be explained by “coulrophobia”, a long-documented phenomenon which increased in the wake of the 1986 Stephen King novel “It” featuring a malevolent clown, later turned into a hit movie.

“The last number that I have heard is that one in almost 10 people report a phobia of clowns,” said Matthew Lorber, director of the child and adolescent psychiatry program at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York.

“For kids, to not be able to see somebody’s real face is what makes the clown so scary,” he added.

Lorber said social media was feeding the current scare, which he warned could cause lasting trauma and panic attacks among younger children.

“Dangerous fads tend to catch and social media really fuels them,” he said.

“The idea of scaring people with clowns and posting their reactions online is garnering so much attention that it’s happening more and more.”

Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey, which runs a clown school, views the creepy frenzy as no joking matter.

“It is troubling because it’s a distraction for our clowns who just want to make people laugh and smile,” it said in a statement carried by US media.

But King, whose cult thriller gave a generation the heebie jeebies, has decided to laugh it off.

“Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria — most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh,” the novelist tweeted on Monday.
This happened to me about 7 years ago. I remember everything that had happened(where I'd been and who I'd been with)that day. It was about 3:50 P.M. on a Friday just shortly after school. I got an invitation to a friends house for a party because his parents were out of town for a couple of days. The party started at about 6:30 P.M.(just 30 minutes after his parents had left to go on a trip for their wedding anniversary) so by 5:30 I had gotten all of my things packed because I planned to spend the night and wanted to bring over some of my things. The drive there was about an hour long so I had made sure that I was prepared early enough so that I'd get there on time. About 30 minutes into my drive getting there I stopped at a stop sign in the middle of the country. Now, this was in the middle of the night and there was nobody around. Just as I started to head up the road I swear to God I about literally crapped myself(A CLOWN). I heard about clowns showing up in weird places in the middle of the night and even sometimes during the day. But this clown was different; the clown had intentionally walked in front of my truck so I had to stop for him. This is when things got even creepier; he just stood there for what felt like forever(even though it was only 10 minutes past). He gave me this creepy looking smile(that's when I stepped on the gas and got the heck out of there. So, about 20 minutes later I had arrived at my friends house. As I walked into the house my friend met me and said your late and told him immediately why. Holy crap, he said. That's seriously creepy as hell, I've heard about that stuff happening a lot on the news but nowhere around here. So time flew by as there was so much to do at the party; we drank,talked about stuff, and played games(it was a lot of fun). The time was almost midnight when all of a sudden the door bell rang. "Henry is what I will call my friend." I asked him were you expecting anyone? Could you're parents had their plans be cancelled all of a sudden? No! He said. Nobody else was supposed to show up especially at this time of night and my parents would've called me if anything if their plans had gotten cancelled. So, Henry and I went to go look through the window just upstairs so we could see if their was anybody or anything outside. I'm telling you I about fucking threw up when I saw the most disturbing thing that I had ever seen in my whole life. It was THAT CLOWN(Ronald McDonald), just standing outside the door with his balloons and a sign that read free candy for whoever follows me. As soon as Henry saw him he called his parents immediately. His parents said to lock the door along with the windows and close the blinds and call the police immediately. As soon as Henry hung up the phone I gave him a nod and we both raced down the stairs and did exactly that. We stayed up after that for about an hour since we were getting tired. About 10 hours later we woke up to a mess. Henry said, man we really had a good time last night didn't we.(forgetting about the clown I said yeah I had a great time). Henry said while you're still here could you help me clean the place up. With nothing else to do for the rest of the day I insisted on helping him. 2 hours had passed away and that's when I was about to leave when I saw the clown's sign laying there on the ground outside. I panicked and quickly ran back into Henry's house. What's the matter he asked? Dude remember that creepy clown that we saw last night I think it might still be here, he left his sign just outside. We both looked behind us and were terrified to the sound of glass breaking in his kitchen. I yelled, the clown is in the house! We have to go right now! When I said that we both ran through the front door and hopped into my truck and got the fuck out of there. How did he get into your house, I said? We locked everything. Henry said that he could've broken in busting shattering open a window. The thought of the clown in his house gave us both chills. Henry asked me if he could stay overnight for a couple of nights until he's ready to go back home. I said sure dude it's fine. He thanked me gladly. It was about 3 days later that Henry finally went back to his house as his parents had come back from their anniversary out of town. I told Henry make sure to call me if anything Ronald McDonald related had happened. Henry called back about an hour later with a panicking sound in his voice. Tyler, oh no!He said. Henry what's the problem, I asked? It's-its my parents dude, they're-they're dead. I told him that I'd be on my way. By the time I got to his house Henry was on the roof of his house crying. I asked him if the clown was there, he said that the clown was inside the house and had tried to stab him. He said that there was blood all over the living room floor from his parents dead bodies. I immediately called the cops as soon as he said this. The police got there and ran into the house and pulled the clown out of a closet. They said that the clown had been smothering his faces in Henry's parents blood! I just about puked when they said that. That is extremely creepy I yelled. As the police brought the clown out of the house the clown looked at me with a smile on his face and said I'll come back for you, for both of you. The clown had gone to jail for a couple a years I was told for murder. The even creepier thing was that when we were told who it was I felt shrivels down my spine as it was one of the people that was invited to the party. He had been watching us the whole time. I'm glad that that sicko gets to go away for a long time as I also hope that I will never see a creepy clown ever again. TheWaffleH0use 1 point 5 months ago 
I kinda wanna hunt some clowns now
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Xylxem 1 point 5 months ago 
This is fake.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]CaptainWingless[S] 1 point 5 months ago 
But just because my story is supposedly fake to you doesn't mean that it never happened to somebody else in the past, present, or even the future. Well, your comment is fake(ohhhh ohhhh ohhh), lol jk:)
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]thegustavoa22 1 point 4 months ago 
still is fake
iolent J is one half of the multi-platinum hip-hop duo Insane Clown Posse.
After 25 years of unquestionably being The World’s Most Hated Band, Insane Clown Posse has just about seen it all. We’ve had an album censored and then yanked from stores by Disney, been completely slaughtered by music critics despite selling over 12 million albums and, for the first time in music history, had our entire fanbase—The Juggalos—officially labeled a “hybrid gang” by the FBI, which to this day continues to have thousands of horror rap–loving fans added to a punishing gang database simply for sporting our logos in public, whether it's a tattoo, T-shirt or even something as simple as a car window sticker.
So when TIME asked us for our opinion on this wave of so-called "killer clown " sightings that seem to be popping up all over America, we were intrigued. Rolling Stone called the rash of reports a "hoax" in a recent article that also pointed out that way back in 1981, when me and my partner in rhyme and best friend Shaggy 2 Dope were in grade school, there were reports of so-called "phantom clowns" supposedly driving around in vans, harassing kids, and in some reports, wielding weapons like machetes. Despite the many reports, police could not confirm one incident of this wave of sightings and not a single "phantom clown" was ever arrested. Cut to 2016. Everyone once again is seeing so-called "killer clowns" everywhere—popping out of bushes, threatening people on social media and assorted other public pranks. Cops have actually arrested a few people this time around, though, because there’s a lot of copycats out there and mass hysteria has a way of making people do stupid s---.
But as ICP has discovered over the last decade, there’s a whole army of scary, terrifying and dangerous clowns out there in this country trying to suppress the rights of thousands of people to exercise the most basic part of the Declaration of Independence, which evokes the freedom to “Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.” The only difference is these clowns don’t wear greasepaint.
These clowns threaten the very fabric on which our nation was supposedly founded upon—and for some f---ing crazy-a-- reason, they’re getting away with it. From keystone-cop clowns shooting unarmed citizens, to racist clowns burning down Islamic centers or clowns in the NSA spying on us through our cell phones and laptops, America has turned into something far more terrifying than Insane Clown Posse's Dark Carnival. Even a scrub like me who dropped out of school in ninth grade can see what’s going on. Today’s reality is scarier than anything you’ll ever hear on one of our albums.
If you want to see the ultimate example of these "killer clowns" in action, consider what happened to our hard-working, mostly blue-collar fans, the Juggalos. In 2011, the FBI named the Juggalos in its National Gang Threat Assesment. Ever since, they have been targeted, profiled and blatantly discriminated on by law enforcement agencies across America. Over the last four years, we’ve been working with our legal team and the ACLU of Michigan, to prove to the U.S. Department of Justice that this completely ridiculous gang label slapped on Juggalos is literally destroying lives.
Fact: People simply walking their dogs while wearing an ICP shirt have been stopped, searched and added to the local gang member database—when no crime has been committed. This has happened hundreds and hundreds of times across the U.S., and the stories just get worse from there. Recently, there was a probation officer who was let go for being identified as a Juggalo, and her employer had no problem writing it as the reason for her severance in her termination paperwork. Others have lost their jobs, custody of their kids and been subject to illegal search and seizure.
Which is why on September 16, 2017, at the National Mall in D.C., the Juggalo family and our allies in other civil action groups will march on our nation’s capital, as well as host a two-day free concert, to send our message directly to the U.S. Department of Justice: The discrimination against Juggalos must be seen for the unconstitutional travesty it is.
So you don't like ICP’s profanity-filled raps, or that we throw soda everywhere at our shows. Or you don’t get why anybody would ever want to attend our Gathering of the Juggalos festival. Just know that, despite these sensationalized reports about "killer clowns" wreaking mischief across the nation, there are real clowns out there killing ours and your very rights as an American citizen.Now that’s truly scary, and nothing to clown around about.
America’s sinister clown trend has spread to Australia. According to the Telegraph, sightings of creepy clowns are on the rise around the country, and more are promising to rear their colorful heads.

Much ink has been spilled over the rise in clown sightings across America recently, as pranksters and creeps have taken to dressing as clowns, as if it’s their duty to promote the upcoming remake of Stephen King’s It. Now the trend is appearing in parts of Australia.

A number of “clown groups” have begun to appear across Australian social media, promising that the number of clown sightings in the country would soon increase. The group, Clown Nation Perth posted a message on their Facebook page saying, “You will start seeing clown sightings soon. We have been preparing for a while now.” What is being prepared is unclear, but probably clown stuff.

Police in places like Victoria, are responding in kind, issuing statements to reiterate that anti-social and alarming behavior will not be tolerated. Some have simply asked that people stop “clowning around.”

The trend is mostly harmless, save for some unsubstantiated threats from some American creepy clowns, but people seem hell bent on being afraid of the trend, and clowns, nonetheless.
Now that schools have sent warning letters home to parents, the Great Clown Panic of 2016 can no longer be ignored. Across the nation lurk incredibly creepy (and potentially dangerous) clowns. To help with this dire situation, here is what we know about how we got here, how scared we should be, and whether everyone really does hate clowns.

FIRST QUESTION: WHAT IS HAPPENING? HOW DID THIS START?
It all started in South Carolina. Back in the middle of August, there were reports that clowns were lurking in the woods outside the town of Greenville. One woman filed a report with the sheriff because her son saw “clowns in the woods whispering and making strange noises,” according to the incident report.

At the time it seemed like one of those weird-story-of-the-week things. Wrong. That was just the catalyst for local news hysteria across the nation. Since initial clown incident, there has been a rash of clown sightings, almost certainly due to copycat pranksters who have a bad sense of humor and decided to start celebrating Halloween early.

Just a few examples: a man in Kentucky was arrested for dressing up as a clown and hiding in the woods. In Alabama, a woman called 911 because she was terrified after seeing a man dressed like a clown in a Walmart parking lot. Schools in Ohio were closed. A clown in New York chased a teen out of the subway.

There have been sightings in California, Texas, Florida, Colorado, and more, and of course each sighting brings more attention to the phenomenon. A full list includes most regions of the country. You don’t even need to bother buying the costume to get in on the “fun.” People have even been arrested for posing as fake killer clowns.

AT SOME UNIVERSITIES, STUDENTS HAVE BECOME VIGILANTE CLOWN-HUNTERS
Notably, the clown panic has even been mentioned by those connected to the highest office in the land. During a recent White House briefing, press secretary Josh Earnest said that he wasn’t sure if the president had been notified of the issue. He did note that it is a situation that “local law enforcement authorities take quite seriously,” which is probably his way of saying, “try to get some sleep.”

ARE ALL THESE SIGHTINGS REAL?
It’s likely most people really did see a clown lurking in the woods. But we also know that people claim to see things all the time that they probably didn’t, like Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster. This isn’t the first time there’s been a clown scare either. There was one back in 1981.

SO HOW BIG IS THIS PROBLEM, REALLY? SHOULD I BE LOSING SLEEP?
Nope. For those who can’t tear their eyes from the latest in clown sightings, Atlas Obscura has a handy real-time map. So far, there have been about 100 sightings, with the most concentrated area being the Northeast and South.

Seeing a clown wielding a knife would scare anyone and as pranks go, this one isn’t funny. But in the grand scheme of things, 100 sightings is not that big of a deal. You know what kills 400,000 people each year? Global warming. Cars are also far more dangerous than clowns, and that hasn’t kept people from using them. (Admittedly, though, neither global warming nor cars have a large red nose, and a serial killer never dressed up as global warming.)

At some universities, students have become vigilante clown-hunters. Come on, people. This is not necessary.

IS THIS ONE OF THOSE NEWFANGLED VIRAL MARKETING WHATCHAMACALLITS?
Well, at least one creepy video has turned out to be a viral marketing stunt, so it’s possible that some of this is in fact a whatchamacallit. But it’s unlikely that every sighting, or even most, have been planned by a publicity firm. Why’s that? Because at some point, viral marketing has to actually, you know, sell something.

HAS ANYONE ACTUALLY BEEN HURT?
As far as we know, nobody who has reported seeing a clown has been seriously hurt. That said, a teenager wearing a clown mask was stabbed to death by a man in Pennsylvania. (The report makes sure to note that the mask was “pushed up onto his head, not over his face.”).

That said, while it’s obviously not illegal to wear a clown costume, some police departments have said that wearing a clown costume just to freak people out is prohibited. Many people have been arrested.

“YOU DON’T REALLY SEE CLOWNS IN THOSE KINDS OF SAFE, FUN CONTEXTS ANYMORE.”
WHY DOES THIS SEEM LIKE IT’S SUCH A BIG PROBLEM?
The clown panic is another example of mass hysteria, like hysteria when people thought Dungeons & Dragons inspired satanism. On the bright side, this hysteria hasn’t actually gotten violent yet, unlike the Slenderman case, where two girls stabbed a third because they wanted to please a fictional character.

Robert Bartholomew, a sociologist at New Zealand’s Botany College, told The Guardian that the fear over clowns comes from two things: a fear of otherness and social media. Social media spreads information quickly and that makes us think that the danger is bigger than it actually is. And when it comes to “otherness,” a clown has that part down pretty well.

YEAH, WHAT IS IT ABOUT CLOWNS THAT IS SO FREAKY?
Clowns are uncanny. They’re sort of recognizable but not entirely, and we don’t like things like that. According to Harvard Medical School psychiatrist Steven Schlozman, who has taught on the psychology of horror, clowns are “familiar enough to be recognizable but weird enough to give you the shivers.”

We know we’re supposed to find them funny, but oftentimes we just... don’t. This can create a sense of dread or tension that bleeds over into this feeling of “creepiness.”

Clowns have appeared in many cultures, but nowadays it’s more common to see them in threatening contexts than as cheerful people at Ringling Bros. Think about serial killer John Wayne Gacy, who dressed up as a clown, or the movie Killer Clowns From Outer Space, or Pennywise, the clown from Stephen King’s It. “You don’t really see clowns in those kinds of safe, fun contexts anymore. You see them in movies and they’re scary,” Martin Antony, a professor of psychology at Ryerson University told Smithsonian. “Kids are not exposed in that kind of safe, fun context as much as they used to be and the images in the media, the negative images, are still there.”

In other words, we’re now more used to envisioning them as killers lurking around the corner — so when the real-life story pops up, it’s easy to remember all the other times we’ve seen clowns be evil. Everything feels more plausible.

ARE ALL KIDS SCARED OF CLOWNS?
The answer is quite mixed. A study of 250 children back in 2008 found that almost all of them disliked clowns.

But other studies beg to differ. One article from the Journal of Health Psychology found that a therapy clown designed to cheer children up made them feel less anxious before a surgery. Results from another study, this time published in Natural Medicine Journal, found that playing with therapeutic clowns helped kids with respiratory illness get better a little faster. Interestingly, both of these studies were Italian while the 2008 study was British, so there may be a cultural element at play.

WHAT ABOUT FEAR OF CLOWNS? IS THAT PHOBIA A REAL THING?
It is a “real thing” in the sense that there is a word for “fear of clowns,” which is coulrophobia. But just because there’s a word for it doesn’t mean that it’s legitimate. The term was made up by adding “phobia” to the word “coulro” (which means “stilt-walking), but the term is not in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.

It’s unclear whether being creeped out by Ronald McDonald deserves to be called a clinical “phobia.” There are very few cases of people who are actually diagnosed with coulrophobia and it’s unlikely that, except in the most extreme cases, anyone would need diagnosis and treatment. This current panic notwithstanding, clowns aren’t that common, so you can just avoid them.

AND WHAT DOES INSANE CLOWN POSSE HAVE TO SAY ABOUT ALL THIS?
The band recently made a statement about the great clown panic. “So there ARE no "killer clowns"--it's just jackasses being jackasses,” wrote band member J-WEBB. “So everyone relax!”

It’s not every day I get to say this, but ICP is probably right.

Correction: In the Slenderman case, two girls stabbed a third, who later recovered. An earlier version said that the third girl had died.
Clowns in ND. Note I live in the largest town in ND.... yup, had two sightings today. I want to die. Tarrem 1 point 5 months ago 
I found out we have one in South florida. It's less scary as he's pretty much for hire and not a wild card or anything. He did hide under a girls bed though.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Princess_Psycoz[S] 2 points 5 months ago 
There was a video uploaded to facebook. He slowed down and pulled out his camera to get a closer look and the guy came running at his car with an axe. He sped off and the video cut out
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]AwkwardTobias 1 point 5 months ago 
I found clowns popping up everywhere in California. Even in a small town I used to live in...no where is safe besides my house.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Just-Clowning-Around 0 points 5 months ago 
Don't go outside Halloween night.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Bobb_Grayy 1 point 5 months ago 
Shut up you tryhard pussy. Like do you even know what this is doing to me??? If I see one more goddamn clown (I've seen more than one) I'm going to tear its nose off and repurpose it into a doorbell. I HAVE HAD IT WITH ALL THESE MOTHERFUCKING CLOWNS
The first person to spot a clown, the patient zero in the current epidemic of threatening clowns sightings spreading across the US, was a little boy at a low-income apartment complex in Greenville, South Carolina.

He ran to his mother, Donna Arnold, and told her what he had seen: two clowns in the woods, both brightly dressed and made up. One with a red fright wig and the other with a black star painted on his face. They whispered something to the boy.

“They were trying to lure him to the house,” his mother told me, pointing toward the woods.

A path into the woods led down into a shaded hollow, at the bottom of which was a small pond. Beside it sat a house that seemed abandoned. Someone had boarded up the windows, and the balcony sagged. New bags of potting soil sat near the basement door, though. And a modern security system looked recently installed.

After sunset a car approached the house; a gleaming white, new-model Mercedes that looked as out of place as any clown car. The driver stepped out and said she had recently bought the old house as an investment because it sits on five acres in an otherwise densely populated area. “You think it looks bad now, you should have seen it before I came in,” she said.

While we talked she wore an in-ear headset, so it wasn’t always clear whether she was speaking to me or someone on her phone.
 
No, she didn’t want to give her name, she said. Yes, she had heard about the clown sightings.

She gestured toward the apartment complex through the trees. “Every one of them has a phone, and can work it better than I can,” she said. “And yet there’s not a single video of a clown?”

I followed the path back to deliver the good news to Donna Arnold. The clowns weren’t real.

“Ha!” she said. One sharp stab of laughter. “Come around to the back.”

Her apartment backed up to the same patch of overgrown woods where the clowns had appeared. Arnold pointed to a dented spot in her door where the paint had recently been chipped away. “The clowns hit it with a chain,” she said, with complete conviction. “I saw them. They hit it and ran off into the woods just as I came out. They’re trying to scare us.”

From this patch of woods, the word of prowling clowns began to spread. On the other side of Greenville, first. Then down in South Carolina’s low country. Then North Carolina. Florida. Kentucky. Beyond the south to Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, New York.

And, finally, my little girl’s school.

•••
Nobody laughs at clowns any more.

Maybe antiquated proto-clowns did make people smile. But the legendary Chinese jester Yu Sze and the imperial Roman stupidus would be unrecognizable to us today.

The first clown who fits our description – painted face, frilly collar – was Joseph Grimaldi, who entertained Londoners in the 19th century but had a decidedly dark side. “I am Grim-all-day,” he told people.

A young Charles Dickens ghost-wrote Grimaldi’s memoirs, a saga of abuse, addiction and agony. “A tale of unmitigated suffering, even when that suffering be mental, possesses but few attractions for the reader; but when, as in this case, a large portion of it is physical,” Dickens wrote, it “grows absolutely distasteful”.

Clowns hold up a mirror on society … to be afraid of them is ultimately to be afraid of yourself
David Kiser, Ringling Bros
Dickens recognized, even with the very first modern clown, that what fascinates us is not the exaggerated painted face, or the dull face of a man underneath. It’s the tension between the two. The dissonance between what is and what appears to be.

That conflict plucks at some ancient strand of human genetic code.

“Since caveman days, people would smear ashes on their faces to make each other laugh,” said David Kiser, a talent recruiter for Ringling Bros circus company. “Other times they would smear ashes on their faces to scare each other.”

•••
I recently received an automated call from my daughter’s school, in Fairhope, Alabama. It was intended to calm parents, but the missing details spoke more sharply than the ones included.

“Hi, this is Fairhope middle school calling with an important message,” the cheerful voice began. “Please rest assured that your students are safe and the school is taking necessary precautions due to rumored activity. The school perimeter is secured and the police are on campus.”

The call was meant to prevent worried parents from calling the school.

I called. The woman who answered hesitated to describe what had happened.

“Well, it’s …” she said. “It’s the clowns.”

Apparently the alarm had started in a neighboring county, where two schools had gone into lockdown after disturbing threats from someone calling himself Flomo Klown. Flomo had a Facebook page. The profile picture showed a balding clown with red, stringy hair and a rubber nose. His shirt was drenched in blood. His bio read simply, “I kill people for a living.”

Flomo made posts targeting a specific town – Flomaton, Alabama – along with more gory clown photos and little gun and knife emojis.

People, in a word, flipped out.

“I rebuke this evil in the NAME of JESUS!!!! YOU are from the Pits of Hell!” a local woman wrote on Flomo’s page. “Everyone let us pray as believers over this act of evil against us.” She immediately followed through by writing a lengthy, heartfelt, terrified Facebook prayer.

Some people appealed to heaven. Some speculated on the best ammunition to bring down a clown. Some advocated restraint – maybe just paint balls? – and others reached for .45-caliber pistols.

All of it might seem silly but something about the arched eyebrows and garish smile skipped a signal right to the base of people’s brains.

They had lost all capacity for critical thought.

•••
People in Flomaton don’t go in for subtext. Their town sits on the Florida-Alabama state line, so they named it after “Florida” and “Alabama” and “town”.

Long ago it served as a railroad hub for timber, but its population has since dwindled to 1,400 people who work at Flomaton high school, Wadkins autos or the old train museum. People are polite. Most attend one of several churches. And, it turns out, they don’t tolerate blood-soaked clowns.

After Flomo’s scary posts, police locked down the schools and swept classrooms for clown-related evidence.

Within minutes the fear spread to other schools, particularly middle schools, where kids were old enough to access social media but still young enough to hyperventilate over clowns.

The picture showed a clown with red, stringy hair and a rubber nose … His bio read, 'I kill people for a living'
Sociologist Robert Bartholomew at Botany College in New Zealand has studied mass hysteria for decades, and said the current clown scare is a result of two rising forces in the US: social media, and a fear of otherness, whether it arrives in a white Mercedes or a refugee boat.

“Social media plays a pivotal role in spreading these rumor-panics which travel around the globe in the blink of an eye,” he said. “They are part of a greater moral panic about the fear of strangers and terrorists in an increasingly urban, impersonal, and unpredictable world.”

That afternoon back in my town, Fairhope, students sprinted through the hallways from one classroom to the next. In class they stared at cellphones and traded stories about how Flomo Klown had killed two boys in Flomaton, and was now moving from school to school.

“Good grief,” teacher Kendra Small said. “Please save me from being trapped in a school with middle schoolers who are sure that clowns are coming to get them.”

It started as a satisfying teenage drama, but spiraled into something serious enough to warrant calling the police to make sure the “perimeter is secured”.

•••
Later, I showed my 13-year-old daughter a picture of a young woman.

“Who is this?” she said.

Police say that’s Flomo Klown, I told her. Her real name is Makayla Smith, she’s 22, and police in Flomaton arrested her and two juveniles for allegedly making “terroristic threats” as Flomo. My daughter studied the photo with forensic intensity, almost touching it with her nose. “But she seems like a normal person,” she said.

The man who answered the door at Smith’s last known address said he didn’t know her, and Smith is banned from using any internet-capable electronics while she’s on bond. Her friends didn’t respond to requests for help reaching her. But her Facebook page outlines clearly enough a life beginning to spin.

In September she posted a picture of a positive pregnancy test, and a block of enigmatic text:

“Well everyone I have some news to announce, it’s scary yet exciting. It looks like around May 2017 I’ll have a little one of my own. Reason I say it’s scary is because of what happened in 2011 after that I really thought I couldn’t have anymore. I’m so nervous about this but I will be taking things day by day. Please don’t judge or say anything out of the way.”

Two days later she allegedly created the Flomo Klown persona and posted, “I love kids.”

•••
Reports of scary clowns have come and gone every few years. This time, though, the rumors seem to have reached such a velocity that they have escaped the orbit of imagination and landed in real life.

In Kentucky, police recently arrested a 20-year-old man hiding in a ditch, wearing a clown costume. Police in Virginia arrested two teens for wearing clown outfits and chasing children. Meanwhile police in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, arrested a man for falsely claiming he had seen a clown trying to lure children and chased it into the woods. He had made it all up, he told police.

It’s a tough moment for clowns. But David Kiser, Ringling Bros’ clown expert, said they will never disappear completely.

“They will have to evolve,” he said. “But clowns hold up a mirror on society, so we can see the absurd in ourselves. So to be afraid of them is ultimately to be afraid of yourself.”
(CNN)It just had to be clowns, didn't it? We couldn't indulge in some good old-fashioned nationwide panic about, say, zombies or sexy teenage vampires. Nope, it had to be clowns and it had to be mere weeks before Halloween.

Thanks, America. This is just great. Unless you've been hiding under a rainbow novelty wig, you know communities around the country have been perturbed by sightings of clowns or possible clown-related threats or any manner of creepiness ranging from flat-out hoaxes to actual credible events.
People have been arrested. Schools have sent out warning letters. Social media is crawling with creepy, homemade clown videos. And it came up at the White House media briefing this week.
It's so weird, even Stephen King wants people to chill. When the dad of "It" wags a finger at this nonsense, you know it's serious. But still, we need an explanation for why, all of a sudden, there are clowns running amok in our neighborhoods and imaginations. Six (mostly) legitimate possibilities:
1. It's folklore with a modern twist Benjamin Radford is a folklorist and the author of the non-fiction book "Bad Clowns," so he's definitely someone you'd want to call with any clown-related concerns. He says the current fad we're enduring is nothing new, and similar waves of stories and hysteria have happened before.
"In the 1980s, there were these 'phantom' clown reports," he says. "There were stories out of Massachusetts of schoolchildren saying they were chased or lured by clowns, and parents and teachers took it seriously."
If that sounds familiar, it's because the pattern closely resembles one of the first clown encounters that tipped off this latest fascination: In August, kids in an apartment complex in Greenville, South Carolina, reported seeing clowns in the woods, trying to lure them into the darkness.
In the '80s, like now, the stories caught on, even though they remained unsubstantiated.
"Many of those reports were hoaxes, some were pranks, and some were schoolyard rumors, but the stories continued, in Chicago, Baltimore, and even in the UK."
In other words, there's a "snowball effect," Radford says, where rumor and legitimate concern mix with our human penchant for a good story.
Since the events in Greenville, clown sightings have been reported in several states, and some people have actually been arrested for scaring people in costume, making clown-related threats, and in one case, chasing kids with a baseball bat while wearing a clown costume.
These pranksters and trolls only serve to strengthen a pretty pervasive myth. 2. It's viral marketing
Think about it. It makes sense. Here were are, all talking about clowns. Is someone capitalizing on the fascination?
It wouldn't be unheard of. Radford says creepy clown imagery has been used in viral marketing before, and the whole point of stunts like that is to get people talking.
In fact, one creepy clown video from Agawam, Massachusetts, has already been revealed to be a viral marketing stunt for a local haunted house. So even if this whole clown thing didn't start off as a marketing ploy, it's certainly created some fertile ground.
It's also hard to ignore the fact that, you know, there's a remake of the classic horror story "It" coming out next year. While it seems like perfect timing, the movie's makers aren't toying with your delicate emotions just to get you in the theaters. A Warner Brothers spokesman told CNN there is "absolutely no connection" between the film and recent clown sightings.
3. It's an expression of human anxiety Clowns are a source of childlike amusement, but they can also be scary and weird. Life is also scary and weird. It's not a coincidence. Perhaps clowns are like specters of anxiety and discomfort, bogeymen that personify our deepest fears.
"These sorts of panics tend to surface when there's underlying social anxiety," Radford says. "This is an election year, there's lots of political and ideological divisions, there's also of course [the awareness of] school shootings and terrorist attacks." That last part explains the kernel of concern from parents and law enforcement. Even IF most of these sightings and incidents are overblown, why take chances?
Radford says the clown sightings of the 1980s came at a similar time -- one of cultural upheaval. "There was the satanic panic, the hysteria over Dungeons and Dragons, and sensationalized media reports of Satanists trying to abduct children," he says.
It's a different world today, but underlying patterns are the same.
"These reports get circulated, often sensationalized, there's a smattering of rumors and urban legends, and then there's some idiot who actually dresses up, and then before you know it there's lockdowns and arrests," he says.
4. It's a social media fad
If you want to creep yourself out, scroll through one of the several recently-created "clown sighting" Twitter accounts. They're full of horror-movie-quality clown videos, ostensibly documenting clown encounters in the wild. (FYI, the video below has some strong language).
Omaha, Nebraska pic.twitter.com/3VfPxSagEi— Clown Sightings (@ClownsSightings) October 4, 2016
Amid the sightings -- real or not -- the hashtag #IfISeeAClown took off to predictably hilarious results. Obviously, if we're going to get all upset about clowns, social media users are going to find a way to cash in.
"The scary clown image is perfect for social media. It is custom-made to go viral," Radford says. "You have something that is both scary and funny. It's this combination of horror and humor, laughter and fears."
It's all part of the folklore tradition, but instead of sharing around fires and whispered bedtime conversations like we used to, we re-tweet and post about it, embellishing and adding additional touches along the way.
"It's called ostentation," Radford says. "The idea that you are enacting a legend. People see this scary clown narrative happening on the news, and they're like, 'Hey I want to be a part of this!'"
5. It's an alternate reality game Do you remember Slenderman, the creepy internet character that figured into a brutal teenage stabbing case in 2014?
To some people, Slenderman was part of what is called an "alternate reality game." No, not like Pokemon Go, which is an "augmented" reality game -- think of them more like puzzles and interactive narratives that supposedly take place in the real world and are told over various platforms. It's a souped-up version of a myth, and part of the fun of an ARG is immersing yourself in the make-believe of it all.
Slenderman, a modern myth
Sound familiar?
There's no hard evidence to suggest this clown fad is actually part of an official or organized alternate reality game, but given the way it's spread and documented online, it's not hard to imagine the spirit of ARGs has infused some of the storytelling. Imagine this situation: Someone dresses up like a clown or leaves a clown artifact around for someone else to find and document.
CLOWN CLIMBS TO THE TOP OF HIGHWAY BILLBOARD IN NEW JERSEY pic.twitter.com/FzysGz2znL

— Clown Sightings (@CLOWNlNGS) October 5, 2016
6. It's not always just make believe
Hey, the easiest explanation is that there really are a bunch of creepy clowns out there hell-bent on some nefarious end. Call it Occam's Rubber Nose.
But if you really want to take it seriously, the recent spate of creepy clown news is disturbing precisely because it's hard to tell where myth ends and reality begins -- we know, intellectually, that it's mostly a bunch of hogwash, but then someone gets arrested for making violent clown threats and we start to question it all.
"Rumors can have consequences," Radford says. "This isn't just fun. People are scared, there have been cases where people have become violent [Editor's note: Or shot at other people, out of fear ]. I think the important thing for the public to realize is underneath all of these sensationalized headlines, there isn't any original threat. The real threat is overreaction to the story, not the clowns themselves."

The recent rash of creepy clown reports became all too much for “The Late Show” host Stephen Colbert on Wednesday.

“The clown epidemic is spreading faster than herpes in a clown car,” he said.

Fearing that the evil clowns will make life more difficult for the professional ones, Colbert presented a PSA to save the latter before it’s too late.

“I just want to make children laugh and adults uncomfortable,” one depressed funnyman says in the clip.
A Massachusetts police department has issued a hilarious PSA warning residents against participating in the scary clown craze that has taken over the nation.

The video, published by the Dartmouth Police Department today, beings with a role-playing officer pulling up to a park in his squad car and asking a woman if she was "the one who reported a suspicious person in the area."
The woman tells the officer that a guy "popped out of the woods" and scared her daughter "half to death." She then described him as wearing blue overalls and a green shirt.

Once the officer locates a man who matches the woman's description, he pulls up to him and asks, "Hey, you the clown that was scaring the kids back there?"

"Maybe I was, maybe I wasn't," the clown replies. "What are you going to do about it?" Then, beating clowns all over the world at their own game, at least a dozen officers are seen exiting the squad car one after another. At the sight of the lineup of police officers, the clown is left in fear and quaking in his boots -- literally.

"Not what I'm going to do," the officer says to the clown. "What we're going to do." Dartmouth police are taking a "zero-tolerance stance on the recent clown craze plaguing the nation," said Public Information Officer Det. Kyle J. Costa, who asked residents to "please keep in mind" that disturbing the peace, trespassing and enticing of the child are all "arrestable offenses."

"Remember, if you want to act like a clown, we have no problem treating you like one," Costa said.

Other police departments have shared similar sentiments regarding people dressing up as scary clowns. Last week, the Palm Bay Police Department in Florida said that due to the scary perception of clowns, the sight of one could make someone think they're about to get robbed or in some sort of danger, and someone could get "shot."
A student who dressed as a chainsaw-wielding clown on a university campus has apologised amid rising reports of similar pranks.
The self-described YouTube prankster, who gave his name as Kenny, said he was "only chasing his friends" in a video shot on Brunel University grounds.
Meanwhile, reports of "creepy clown" sightings have continued to rise.
Police have increased patrols outside some schools, and asked fancy dress shops to remove clown masks from sale.
The craze - which involves people dressing up in clown costumes and scaring unsuspecting members of the public - has received widespread attention.
More than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #killerclowns have been posted in the UK since 10 September.
Some, including professional clowns, have branded the trend dangerous and irresponsible.
More than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #killerclowns have been posted in the UK since 10 September.
Some, including professional clowns, have branded the trend dangerous and irresponsible.
More than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #killerclowns have been posted in the UK since 10 September.
Some, including professional clowns, have branded the trend dangerous and irresponsible. More than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #killerclowns have been posted in the UK since 10 September.
Some, including professional clowns, have branded the trend dangerous and irresponsible.
More than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #killerclowns have been posted in the UK since 10 September.
Some, including professional clowns, have branded the trend dangerous and irresponsible.
More than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #killerclowns have been posted int eh UK since 10 September. Some, including professional clowns, have branded the trend dangerous and irresponsible. Kenny, a media studies student, sparked panic on campus with his chainsaw video.
He said he had used the tool in previous prank videos, and was filming with friends.
But he conceded it "looked like he was terrorising" fellow students and that he should have informed people he was filming.
"I regret filming so much on campus. I'm never ever doing that again," he said. Sightings of "creepy" clowns and reports of people in costume intimidating the public have been received by police all over the UK.
Speaking to BBC Radio Cumbria, Supt Mark Pannone of Cumbria Police warned people were committing a public order offence if they try to scare others.
"Last night alone, we had 19 incidents between 15:00 and midnight where the public rightly called us to say 'look, we're really worried because things are happening with clowns, people are scaring us'," he said
North Yorkshire Police received "at least" eight reports on the evening of 10 October, with people complaining of "young people dressed up as clowns, jumping out at them or chasing after them".
They included youths dressed as clowns in Whitley Bridge, Selby, one "carrying what appeared to be a knife", chasing after a group of girls.
Essex Police arrested two boys aged 14 and 16 following reports of people dressed as clowns and scaring children in Wills Hill, Stanford-le-Hope. The teenagers were questioned and released without charge, but warned about their conduct.
There have also been reports of people on social media discussing dressing as clowns and going to schools in Essex with a knife.
Cambridgeshire Constabulary said it received a call at about 10.30pm from a man who says someone in a clown mask with "possibly something in his hand" had jumped out at him in Woodston, Peterborough earlier in the day.
"The informant punched him in the face," said a spokesperson.
Kent Police say there have been 59 incidents involving clowns reported to them between 7-10 October, and that a 23-year-old man from Sittingbourne had been arrested on suspicion of a public order offence.
In London, the Met said it knew of three clown-related incidents which had "met the criminal threshold".
Creepy clown craze: Why nobody's laughing
line
In the North East of England, police said they had received more than 200 reports of clown sightings, and 14 recorded incidents involving "harassment, alarm and distress".
Vera Baird, Police and Crime Commissioner for Northumbria, told BBC 5 Live most of those stopped were aged about 16.
"We've got officers now calling into schools. They're asking head teachers to tell young people that they shouldn't dress up as clowns now," she said.
Officers from the force have asked shop staff to remove clown costumes from sale.
Click to see content: killerclowninterest_birmingham

"Our police... are going round all the shops and saying... it is unwise to sell these. Take them off sale for now and don't sell them to anybody because you'll just add to it," she said.
Pupils at the Oasis Academy in Lambeth, south London, have been asked not to like, follow or share anything on social media connected to clowns following reports of threats.
In a letter to parents the school stated: "It has been brought to our attention that there has been online threatening behaviour over the weekend from groups of people wearing clown fancy dress/masks.
"We have notified the Metropolitan Police who have assured us that they are working with the appropriate agencies to eliminate this online threatening behaviour. The police will be present outside all Lambeth and Southwark secondary schools this afternoon."
Click to see content: clowntowns_birmingham

Thousands of people have used the hashtag #killerclowns with a surge since the beginning of October.
It is believed the fad began in America before spreading to Canada and Australia and then the UK.
The most interest in web searches for "clowns" was recorded in Essex and Northumberland, according to Google Trends.
The horror author Stephen King, whose story It featuring a terrifying clown is being re-made by Hollywood, has called for an end to the "hysteria" on Twitter.

Professional clowns have hit out at pranksters who have been dressing up as "creepy clowns" to intimidate and frighten people across the UK.
Police have been inundated with reports of "clowns" jumping out, chasing people and even carrying "weapons" - and have warned them they could face action.
But the craze has left real clowns feeling frustrated their profession is being portrayed in a negative way.
A World Clown Association executive said the trend was "disappointing".
On Tuesday, more clown sightings were reported across England in areas including Norwich, Carlisle, Lancashire and Bristol. The culprits are said to be following a trend that started in the US and has spread to other countries, including Canada, Australia and France.
'Idiot in a mask' Andrew Davis, from Suffolk - otherwise known as Andy the Clown - said these type of incidents often happened around Halloween time.
Mr Davis, of the World Clown Association, said: "A genuine clown would not run up to somebody and make them jump and frighten them.
Clowns are something that should be enjoyed by people, not feared
Pat the Clown, Professional clown
"That is an idiot dressed up in a mask trying to scare people.
"It makes me feel disappointed that the easiest way they can get a cheap thrill is to scare somebody."
But despite his anger, Andy said business was still good - and he is booked up until Christmas. The fear of clowns, also known as Coulrophobia, is said to be one of the leading phobias in the UK.
Professor Mark Griffiths, a chartered psychologist at Nottingham Trent University, says clowns tend to be scary because of their exaggerated looks and evil representation in films.
"The vast majority of people are not scared of clowns day-to-day but a clown's face has become part of a scare culture.
"There is a stereotype of the nasty, evil, eerie clown. If you look at clowns facially what you tend to find is part of their face or feet are exaggerated, they have huge noses, scary mouths and wildfire hair.
"We also have a cinematic trope. If you look at everything from Heath Ledger in Batman to Stephen King's It, we've got these characters with clown faces that are either killing people or doing really nasty things.
Even if you have not come into contact with clowns, you're influenced by what you see in television and films."Horror writer Stephen King, who created one of horror's iconic "evil" clowns - Pennywise from his novel, It, is among those who have said the craze has gone too far.
He tweeted: "Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria--most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh."
Nottingham-based clown Jolly Jingles is also feeling unhappy about the trend.
"I have been a clown for 16 years and I would not want to go around scaring people," he said.
"It makes me very sad because I like making people happy.
"People have asked me if I would go to their Halloween event and scare people - I always say no."
A number of police forces across the country have been called out to deal with "creepy clowns".
Ch Con Mike Barton, of the National Police Chiefs Council, said: "Police forces have been dealing with some instances of people who are dressing up as clowns in order to frighten others.
"While some might view this as funny, the act of frightening or threatening others may be enough to warrant public order criminal offences."
People with concerns are advised to call police on 101.
America’s creepy clown problem is getting so out of hand that even beloved clown Ronald McDonald seems a little freaked out.

The fast-food chain McDonald’s told The Huffington Post on Tuesday that its famed corporate mascot will be lying low for a while, in light of surging reports of creepy clown sightings across the country.
“McDonald’s and franchisees in local markets are mindful of the current climate around clown sightings in communities,” the company said in an email statement. “And as such are being thoughtful with respect to Ronald McDonald’s participation in community events for the time being.”

McDonald’s isn’t placing an outright ban on public appearances by its red-nosed clown, a corporate spokesman said. But the company is “being thoughtful in regards to” Ronald McDonald’s appearances.


Clown-related pranks and sightings have been making regular appearances in national headlines, from small towns in North Carolina, to neighborhoods in California ― and even to the islands of Hawaii. 

While several pranksters have been arrested ― including a clown-dressed Wisconsin couple who left their toddler at home while they haunted a neighborhood ― no serious injuries have been reported, Ben Radford, clown expert and author of Bad Clowns, recently told HuffPost.
Still, some residents in clown-plagued communities have taken matters into their own hands. Some were reported to have tried shooting firearms in an effort to scare off anyone trying to clown around. Radford said behavior like that is far more dangerous than a prankster in a clown suit.

With McDonald’s keeping Ronald under wraps, it’s obvious the clown hysteria is reaching bizarre new levels.
You're on your way home. It's dark. Out of the corner of your eye you see a figure lurking menacingly. As your eyes adjust to the gloom, the figure eases into focus - it's a clown.
Clown sightings have become an increasingly common occurrence in the US, Australia and Canada. And, fuelled by social media, they are now on the rise in the UK too.
Professional clowns hit out at pranksters
Creepy clowns: Why do people find them so scary?
Thames Valley Police responded to 14 separate clown-related incidents on Sunday, while in Norwich, a man was arrested after an incident in which someone dressed as a clown terrified a woman in a park. In Durham, four children were followed to school by a clown armed with a knife.
But what motivates someone to put on a clown mask and terrify strangers?
Matteo Moroni, 29, from Perugia, Italy, is the owner and director of YouTube channel DM Pranks. He's been terrifying unsuspecting passers-by for three years in a series of frightening videos that have racked up hundreds of millions of views on the video-sharing website. His videos are typically shot at night in remote, eerie locations - empty multi-storey car parks, secluded subway paths, petrol stations - and feature classic horror story motifs, from murderous twins to zombies and aliens. But clowns, he says, are the most effective.
"It's the most scary and creepy thing you can meet at night," he says, adding: "I own the creepy clown voice."
Most of the videos are made in his hometown, but he has also filmed in the United States.
In September 2015 he published a video made in Las Vegas, again featuring a series of menacing clowns.
"That video is my favourite by far," he says.
"It got 1.7 billion views in six months from Facebook posts around the world." Many social media users have reported being frightened by clowns.
Twitter user Demi Sim was initially unconcerned by the clown craze but has become increasingly worried.
And some people have even reported changing their behaviour because of the threat of the clowns. Katy Erin's comments are typical of much of the reaction that has been seen.
Katy Erin's comment on TwitterImage copyrightTWITTER
But Matteo does not believe what he does is cruel.
"Taxes are cruel," he says. "I think that a good jog (even if you're running away from a clown) never killed anybody. Everything is under my strict supervision and I spend hours preparing the prank scene to avoid anything going wrong.
"I have people watching the area. Once we've pulled the prank we have people to run after the victim.
"Some people go crazy and I normally say that we were shooting a movie. After they've calmed down I reveal that it was a prank."
Despite this, things do sometimes go wrong.
"I don't harm anyone"
Matteo says that one couple who fell victim to his prank phoned the police. From their point of view, they had just witnessed someone dressed as a clown kill a victim and then chase after them.
Matteo says that he caught up with them to reveal the prank. But by that point, 27 officers in nine cars and two vans were already on the way.
He is not keen on the clown craze that is currently growing around the world.
"The situation is now totally out of control," he says. "I think it probably started as a marketing campaign. People then jumped on the bandwagon for no real purpose and now the worry is that people could be using that bandwagon as a mask to hide criminal acts."
Nonetheless, he recognises that videos such as his could have contributed to the current craze.
"I always write down 'don't try this at home' in the description beneath my videos, but to be honest this stuff is 100% useless.
"But I don't harm anyone and my subscribers know the efforts I go to to make sure it's safe."
Are they pranksters after a laugh or criminals spreading terror? The craze to dress up as a clown and spread fear appears to be gathering pace in the UK.
The unlikely phenomenon, an import from the US, has become the talk of the school playground and is keeping police on their toes.
Schools are being forced into lockdown, children are terrified and police officers are handling hundreds of claims of sightings, reports suggest.
Now, ahead of Halloween, parents, head teachers, police officers and even the clown industry, are grappling with how to calm the craze.
'Who's behind the masks? Nobody knows' Charlene Paterson, a mother from the north east of England, has seen at first hand the impact of the creepy clown craze. When clowns threatened a number of high schools in Newcastle, her daughter's was put into "lockdown" to make sure no one came in or went out, she said.
The effect was far-reaching, she told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
"It's general fear, not just in her [daughter] but in all of her friends and everybody else in the high school.
"Who's behind the masks? You don't know. Nobody knows.
"You don't know if it's a 15-year-old that's looking for a giggle or a 30-year-old man who's looking to do something far, far different."
She described another incident in which five people dressed as clowns chased a group of 11-year-old children through their local park.
"It's not fair - it's certainly not funny.
"And it's going to get to the point where parents are going to start protecting their kids, stopping them from being scared."
She said she knew one five-year-old girl who had been left so terrified by the craze that she was having sleepless nights.
"That's not right - children shouldn't have that fear," she told the programme.
'Don't go outside dressed as a clown' Vera Baird QC, Northumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, said the police there had handled several hundred clown sightings, of which 13 or 14 were offences.
One was a 13-year-old boy who was dressed as a clown and carrying a sharp knife, she said.
"I'm sure it started off as just fun," she told Victoria Derbyshire.
"I think it's been a little bit taken over by some sinister people and now nobody knows who's in which camp and so the overall right message is to say: 'don't go outside dressed as a clown because people are going to take it the wrong way'.
"The trouble is the level of worry goes up with every story and so a clown who might just be joking becomes a frightening figure."
She advises calling the police if someone is scaring you, even if you think it may be a joke.
She acknowledged the craze was wasting police time and taking up a lot of resources.
Neighbourhood police were now being sent into schools to ask head teachers to advise children against dressing up as a clown, she said.
"However well-meaning and however you might have spent your pocket money on a clown's outfit in order to have a joke on your best mate - just don't do it.
"Because it could well be misunderstood and you could scare somebody," she said.
'Idiots ruining a child's imagination' The craze has almost wiped the smile of the face of Mattie Faint, a professional clown for 45 years.
"When we spend our whole lives as clowns trying to make people happy and laugh, and these idiots within seconds can ruin everything for a child's imagination, it's very sad," he told Victoria Derbyshire.
Events had left the clowning industry devastated, he said.
Similar cases happened every year in the run-up to Halloween, he said, but this year was particularly bad.
Being a clown was a wonderful thing to do, he explained.
"Laughter is very cheap and very effective and it's the closest distance between two people, as Charlie Chaplin said. "We love to laugh and clowns are a catalyst to help you laugh."
Dozens of pranksters roam the streets in clown outfits and with Halloween coming up, furious police have had enough THE American Halloween craze for dressing as “killer clowns” has been slammed by Brit cops as it sweeps across the UK.

Dozens of twisted jokers have been roaming our streets in clown outfits, some armed with knives to spread terror.

And after a spate of incidents, pranksters have been warned the trend is “no laughing matter” and a waste of police resources. While most sightings are regarded as relatively harmless some have been far more sinister.

Two young girls on their way to school in Clacton, Essex, last week were approached by two clowns in a black van. They fled in terror after being invited to a “birthday party” by the sinister pair.

A Sun investigation has found the craze — which started in the US — began over here more than a month ago. But it has really taken off in the past week, with more than 20 reported incidents. Now, with Halloween just around the corner, cops have warned enough is enough. In another terrifying incident, a knife-wielding clown chased four young children aged between 11 and 12 on Friday as they walked to school in Chester-le-Street, Co ­Durham.

Local cop Sgt Mel Sutherland said: “We believe this to be part of a much larger prank which is currently sweeping across the US and parts of the UK.”

Thames Valley Police yesterday revealed officers had been called to 14 incidents in less than 24 hours over the weekend — and demanded an abrupt end to the craze.

A spokesman said: “Their actions cause fear and anxiety.

“This could lead to public order offences, arrest and a criminal record. We would urge people to refrain from such activity.” Elsewhere, after six reports of clowns acting suspiciously at the weekend, a Gloucestershire Police spokesman said: “Whether those involved are doing it for a joke or not, this is no laughing matter.”

Yesterday a picture taken at a McDonald’s in Kidderminster, Worcs, showed a man dressed as a clown hiding at the drive-through. And Leicester had also been targeted, with one person claiming on social media to have been confronted by a “clown with an axe” in a cemetery.

Yesterday Police Scotland warned against taking part in the craze, saying that action would be taken against anyone “seeking to cause distress and potential harm”. Cops in Wales issued a similar warning, with a South Wales Police spokesman explaining: “Dressing up as clowns or in costumes to frighten others intentionally will have consequences.”

Creating “alarm or distress” is punishable by the Public Order Act and carries a maximum £1,000 fine. This could rise to a jail term if a weapon is carried.

Dr Adam Lynes, a criminology lecturer at Birmingham City University, told The Sun: “A lot of these people are copycats.

“You see this kind of behaviour at the more extreme end of the scale with killing sprees.

“People get swept up in the movement and want the thrill of being involved.

“Putting on a clown mask hides your identity and often leads ­people to act in ways they wouldn’t normally.

“They’re unshackled from the ­normal rules of society.

“In most cases in the UK, this comes in the form of scaring ­people. It’s probably not illegal but it’s not nice when the targets are children.

“We saw similar behaviour ­during the 2011 London riots, with people acting in extreme ways they normally wouldn’t. Putting on a creepy clown mask can have a similar effect, so there is the potential for incidents to spin out of control.”
Being a clown is no laughing matter when everyone thinks you are evil. Can the profession fight back from the "creepy clown" hysteria sweeping the globe?
"It's my full-time job. It's what I do for a living," says Fudgie the Clown, a New Jersey native. "I have been a professional clown for 34 years now - but this is ruining my business.
"I am not getting the phone calls. And it's not only me. My clown friends too. I'm checking with them: 'is the phone ringing? No, my phone is not ringing'."
Not only that, she is beginning to fear for her safety.
"The police know me in my home town. But I get a little bit nervous if I have to go out of my comfort zone. I haven't been pulled over but I do drive in clown make-up. Everyone's on the alert now." It is a strange turn of events for someone who sees it as her job is to make people smile.
"Clowns make a lot of people happy," she says. "It's nice to be made to smile and laugh. And that's what we do, but unfortunately it has taken a turn for the worst."
The current clown panic began in August, in Greenville, South Carolina, with locals reporting people dressed in fright wigs and full clown make-up trying to lure children into the woods.
It rapidly caught fire on social media and before long there were sightings all across the United States, and, more disturbingly, reports of violent attacks by men in clown masks, armed robberies and schools and other public buildings going into lockdown after threats from "clowns". The profession has mounted a fight back of sorts, with representatives from the clown trade associations taking to the airwaves to defend what they see as a noble and ancient profession.
But there is something intrinsically comic about a man or woman with a red nose and baggy trousers talking about workplace safety issues, and the temptation is to play the story for laughs.
US trade organisation Clowns of America International - motto "ambassadors of joy" - declined to be interviewed for this piece, having had their fingers burnt by media mockery in the past.
"We tried to explain it and it didn't come out right," says the woman who answers the phone at COAI headquarters.
"It made us look bad. It made us look foolish."
The fear among the clown community, following reports of residents firing shots into the woods in Greenville, is that one of their number is going to be mistaken for a bad clown and is going to get hurt, maybe even killed.
"I feel more conscious, more alert, because they just happened to choose my industry to mess with," says Classy Colors, a female clown working in the Washington DC area.
Everyone seems to agree that the creepy clown phenomenon has spiralled out of control, but they don't know how to stop it.
Even Stephen King, creator of demonic clown Pennywise, which did so much to fix the idea of "evil clowns" in the popular imagination, has urged calm, tweeting: "Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria - most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh." The hashtag Clownlivesmatter is still trending on Twitter.
This movement was started on Facebook by 22-year-old Jordan Jones, who works part-time playing a scary clown named Snuggles at a haunted house experience in Maryland, who was angry at the way his profession is being portrayed.
But it has not gone down well with Blacklivesmatter activists, some of whom see Clownlivesmatter as a disrespectful appropriation of their slogan.
Some of this anger has been directed at Nikki Sinn, a 27-year-old make-up artist from Tucson, Arizona, who is organising a Clownlivesmatter peace walk this Saturday, "to show clowns are not psycho killers".
Sinn, who enjoys dressing up as a scary clown but is not earning a living from it, cooked up the idea with her friends on Facebook.
"I want people to be OK with seeing a scary-looking clown, but saying that hey, there's a person under the make-up. They are good people."
She insists she means no disrespect to Blacklivesmatter campaigners with her planned demo.
"I am trying to reach out to them because I would like to talk to them a little bit about the innocence behind the name because I didn't mean any harm by it. I wasn't trying to mock them or be insensitive. It was just already a hashtag that people were using."
She seems genuinely bemused by all the attention her campaign has been getting: "It was originally just going to be a fun night. It blows my mind that it has got so big." "I have created a monster!" she laughs. "I hope everything stays peaceful with it."
Clowns have had to cope with public hostility before, particularly around the concept of clown phobia, which many in the industry seem to regard as a response learned from the media, or even a fashionable affectation.
"I am a full make-up clown and I count on the fingers of one hand the number of people I have met who actually have a phobia of clowns," says New York based Bonkerz the Clown.
"It has become just a thing to say - 'I'm scared of clowns'. But once they have seen a professional clown at work they will be very positive about it. They will be high fiving you."
Bonkerz has also experienced a dip in bookings - but an upsurge in requests, normally via email, from people who want to hire him to scare their friends.
He's not tempted to go over to the dark side, however. "It wouldn't be right," he says.
"Clowning is a beautiful profession, it creates great positivity," he adds, and one he has no intention of giving up, arguing that the panic will eventually "fizzle out just like zombies did".
This is, after all, not the first "creepy clown" panic to sweep America and, according to Ben Radford, author of Bad Clowns, a study of the subject, it will not be the last. In 1981, public hysteria about men in clown masks luring children away in schools and public parks swept through Massachusetts, even though no one was ever arrested.
"This was a time of high social anxiety, particularly about 'stranger danger' - the idea that perverts and killers were lurking behind every tree to abduct and snatch children," says Radford.
It is no surprise, he argues, that such a panic has re-emerged now, with "latent social anxiety" about a "very contentious election," terror alerts and mass shootings.
What is "astonishing" this time, he says, is the scale of it and the way it has spread around the globe through social media.
But fear of clowns, just like joy at clowns, will always be with us, he argues.
"The clown as folkloric and mythical figure is a trickster. As is the devil. The clown character writ large has always been ambiguous. Sometimes it's a happy character."
There are few happy characters in the clowning profession at the moment, but Radford believes the current panic will subside after the Halloween holiday and people will start hiring them for parties again.
"The clowning profession is a long and honourable one. I think that they will bounce back."
Batman, "As for you clowns, if you want to scare someone, why don't you try and scare me?" Batman of Cumbria has had enough with the killer clown craze in his city…And in his effort to make sure the community feel safe…He's been chasing them away. Cumbria Superheroes said: "The clowns are giving kids sleepless nights due to their antics and, well, that's just really miffed Batman" To all those little kids that's been scared and affected by these clowns, you don't need to worry anymore Batman's taking care of it. Na-na-na-na-na Batman...of Cumbria
Context : A "creepy clown" chased 2 kids with a machete in Glen Cairn.
Yeah, i get it...it might seem funny to you. But chasing little kids with a machete is a poor decision. Several fathers (including myself) will not hesitate to put you in your place if you threaten children.
I totally understand pranks and i don't mean to sound like a debbie downer. But in my opinion, chasing elementary kids with a knife is too far.
Sincerely, A Kanata father
Edit : dressing in a stupid mask is funny. Putting little kids in danger in not.
Edit 2: my post was not meant as a "call for vengeance" or a threat of vigilante violence. I could deal with the problem a lot more efficiently if i knew the guy's address/identity. CherryCherry5Nepean 40 points 5 months ago 
I think this trend is really stupid. I saw some (literal) clown running at me, I'd kick him in the balls. But the machete thing is way over the top. Like, it is/was probably fake, but you can't know that for sure, and finding out might mean being assaulted or murdered. It's really too bad we can't carry pepper spray.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–][deleted] 9 points 5 months ago 
I'd argue its easier to buy/find a real machete than it is to find a fake one.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportreply
[–][deleted] 5 months ago 
[deleted]
[–][deleted] 8 points 5 months ago 
Canadian Tire, Walmart, Cabellas, Le Baron, Sale, all sell real machetes. Cheap. Like 20$
permalinkembedsavereportreply
[–]SergePower[S] 8 points 5 months ago 
The 11 year old was pretty convinced it was a real knife (she called it a knife the size of a bat).
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]cabbages_vs_kings 6 points 5 months ago 
It's really too bad we can't carry pepper spray.
No, that's illegal.
It's OK to carry bear spray though.
(hint: same thing)
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]sconeTodd 9 points 5 months ago 
Does it contain real bears?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]CherryCherry5Nepean 1 point 5 months ago 
But usually Bear Spray is a big can, no?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Jamesdean08 1 point 5 months ago 
Not always, there's compact cans available.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]BrocIlSerbatoio 7 points 5 months ago* 
There are small "dove" or "old Spice" deodorant sprays (definitely in female scent) that can be used in the same context as prepped spray.
If you don't believe it will be effective enough, have your female coworker/ peer, test it out on you.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]CherryCherry5Nepean 3 points 5 months ago 
Oh that's a good idea, I never thought of using something like that. Ooooh!! Fresh breath spray! That'll burn nice and good in the ol' eyeballs!
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]NightofSloths 4 points 5 months ago 
Y'know that 'one shot' spray for wasps? Good range and fucking crippling.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–][deleted] 5 months ago 
[deleted]
[–]Jamesdean08 1 point 5 months ago 
You seen the wasps in Ottawa?! Deadly, man.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]LadBroDudeGuyCarp 1 point 5 months ago 
Do you actually think someone playing a prank is going to kill someone if confronted? Come on.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]CherryCherry5Nepean 1 point 5 months ago 
I'm sure 99% of the time, but I also don't want to be in that 1%. I think the whole thing is stupid anyway.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]genericsauceEdwards 37 points 5 months ago 
I find the whole clown thing to be funny AF, but taking a knife with you to chase kids is just fucked.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]SergePower[S] 25 points 5 months ago 
Dressing like a creepy clown is funny
Chasing little kids with a knife or luring them into the woods is not.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]genericsauceEdwards 8 points 5 months ago 
Yeah, some people just take it too far when it comes to this shit.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]s7vn 7 points 5 months ago 
Man in clown mask 'stabs teen in Sweden' http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37657072
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[+]Grimsbeard comment score below threshold  (0 children)
[–]untitleddocument37 15 points 5 months ago 
Specially since brandishing a deadly weapon is a crime in Canada...
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]suks2bthatguy 3 points 5 months ago 
not to negate the negative aspect of this but it may have been a prop machete
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]nsfy33 23 points 5 months ago 
Brandishing a fake gun at a cop will still get you shot and it would be justified. This is probably along the same lines.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]martianpumpkin 11 points 5 months ago 
I had some kid brandish a fake gun (orange tip was painted black) when trying to break into my boyfriend's car. Kid got very real firearm related charges when arrested.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Tsahandjobs 5 points 5 months ago 
Using a prop weapon carries the same punishments if you are committing another crime.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]her_nibsThe Boonies 14 points 5 months ago 
Christ on a bike, who finds that funny? That wouldn't even be a good prank for grown-ups; that's just... Well, anyway, good luck with the vigilante justice -- not usually a supporter of that idea but, as a parent, I can totally understand the impulse here.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Ah-Schoo 2 points 5 months ago 
I think there is some potential for funny in all of this. Perhaps some sort of self-defence reaction from a victim where the clown gets injured (not fatally.)
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]crazymoon 9 points 5 months ago 
The only way to get them to stop is to hire them to make balloon animals, otherwise they get reaaaall douchey.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Zitpickerr 2 points 5 months ago 
I don't know how I would react to a person dressed in a scary clown costume but in the past when things like this happen I tend to hurt people without meaning to. I was mugged, or rather someone attempted to mug me. I freaked out and poked him in the face and throat with my umbrella. He ran away holding his hands over his eye. I didn't even think about what I was doing, I just reacted.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]lowertowngirl 6 points 5 months ago 
I gave no clue why, maybe it's the large glass of wine I just polished off but I laughed so hard thinking of you frantically poking at some dude with the tip of your umbrella. And him running away covering his eyes. LOL
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]lildebbiecreampie 8 points 5 months ago 
I'm sick and tired of these goddamned clowns disrupting the peace of the good hard working folk who just what to go about their days without being spooked.
I'm not sure what I would do. I'd be scared to attack the person, but I'd probably yell at them and call the cops. Chances are it's some unatheltic greasy loser who wouldn't put up much of a fight.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Utopia_Bot 10 points 5 months ago 
I'm sick and tired of these goddamned clowns disrupting the peace of the good hard working folk who just what to go about their days without being spooked.
This sounds like something right out of South Park.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Pubshed 10 points 5 months ago 
I have nothing to add, but I read your sign off as:
Sincerely, A Katana father
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]SergePower[S] 6 points 5 months ago 
Katanas are given to all fathers in Kanata.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Disturburger 3 points 5 months ago 
It's true. Can confirm.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]StaninCP 12 points 5 months ago 
I have an 11 year old who is now terrified to walk to school because she's afraid a clown will get her. If I see anyone dressed as a creepy clown they better be able to run in those big goofy red shoes.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]bertbarndoor 3 points 5 months ago 
This. Add a machete to the equation and that guy is going to get taken out. I wouldn't necessarily run him over in a car (suggested by other Redditor) but there would be a physical take down with some degree of measured violence, and then the police would be called whilst said clown was restrained.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Disturburger 3 points 5 months ago 
For the record:
I'm cool with a little vigilante justice if the more efficient means have been exhausted.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]FriendlyCurmudgeon 3 points 5 months ago 
I have no problem with the creepy clown stuff, but when they start wielding weapons... that's a whole other level of dangerous stupidity.
Don't wield weapons creepy clowns. Asking for trouble, pretty sure it's an criminal offence as well.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]untitleddocument37 6 points 5 months ago 
For real? What parts? I'm in Glen Cairn myself.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]SergePower[S] 2 points 5 months ago 
The park near john young elementary. http://m.ottawacommunitynews.com/news-story/6904941-creepy-clown-sighting-in-kanata
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]GrimsbeardKanata -4 points 5 months ago 
That photo isn't even in Ottawa... or at least not in Kanata.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Technology_FTW 4 points 5 months ago 
And this is how people get shot...
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]GrimsbeardKanata 1 point 5 months ago 
Not in Ottawa it's not. That's a different non-clown related thing.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]shitheadho 16 points 5 months ago 
If I saw anyone chasing children while wielding a machete I would run that fucker over with my car if I at all could.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–][deleted] 53 points 5 months ago 
No you wouldn't. It sure is fun playing make belief on the internet though!
permalinkembedsaveparentreportreply
[–]chadsexytime 4 points 5 months ago 
In all honesty, someone is going to get hurt. Its a reasonable conclusion to think that "the guy dressed as a clown chasing you/your children with a machete" means to do them harm.
Running over them with a car is pretty indefensible, but hitting them with a bat or hockey stick? That's probably not going to result in charges, because "It was just a prank, bro" is a terrible defense.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]diggdigger 8 points 5 months ago* 
you never know, specially if they were his children. I can totally understand how a father may take a baseball bat to a clown chasing his child with a knife. running the clown down with a car is not a far fetch from that.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]TheClayrooActually Mechanicsville 13 points 5 months ago 
The term is keyboard warrior.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[+]throwareality comment score below threshold  (9 children)
[–][deleted] 7 points 5 months ago 
And then you'd spend several years in jail for manslaughter. Win... lose big? throwareality 8 points 5 months ago 
No one considers that in the heat of the moment. That's how bad things happen.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]LoneRanger9 1 point 5 months ago 
Several years? In Canada? No.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]lebinottWestboro 4 points 5 months ago 
What would happen if this actually happened? Clown chasing kids with a knife or anyone and they defend themselves because they feel as though their life is being threatened and the clown gets hurt or killed?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Osprey9Sandy Hill 8 points 5 months ago 
Self-defence laws in Canada are not nearly as relaxed as in the U.S.. If someone did run over a machete wielding clown and kill them with their car it would most likely result in some type of manslaughter charge against the driver.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]shitheadho 4 points 5 months ago 
It would. But I would be so freaked out I would run them over out of fear if I didn't have a heart attack first. I am deathly afraid if clowns.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Goshawk77 3 points 5 months ago 
Super situational. Law allows use of appropriate force in defending your life or that of others.. within reason.
Mowing down a clown who's about to murder kids with a machete would almost definitely see charges laid against you.
Would you see jail? With a good lawyer and enough reliable witnesses / CCTV... probably not.
Imo anyway.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]FerivichGreenboro 2 points 5 months ago 
I honestly don't get why people do this, have fun with the mask and let people know it's a joke. It really just takes making someone with psychosis like myself to make this into an even worse situation.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–][deleted] 2 points 5 months ago 
Clown grafittid a school in old Barrhaven this morning. I drove by it wasn't there last night.
If I find the little fuckers doing THAT I will spraypaint smiles on their faces.
We need to talk about the clown thing. Amid all the outrageous presidential election headlines lately, you’ve no doubt also seen a steady trickle of headlines about creepy, demented clowns spotted all over the country. It started back in August, when children in South Carolina reported that clowns were trying to lure them into the woods.

Since then, dozens of clown sightings have been reported from Los Angeles to Long Island. The vast majority of these have been unconfirmed, but in some cases police have arrested people dressed as clowns for carrying knives or hatchets. An entire public school system was temporarily shut down in Ohio after a clown attacked and choked a woman. The clown scare has even spread overseas to Britain, where dozens of “creepy clowns” have been reported across Wales, according to the BBC, and clown sightings have triggered a police warning. (At least one boy was injured when he encountered a clown in a Rotherham alleyway and the clown hit him with a log.)
As you can imagine, people are terrified of these clowns, and they’re beginning to take matters into their own hands. Some have even taken to clown hunting. At Penn State, hundreds of students swarmed the streets in early October as part of a so-called “clown riot,” after rumors spread that several clowns had been spotted near campus. Something similar happened at Nashville’s Belmont University.

As the clown hysteria builds, professional clowns are beginning to fear for their safety. Police in Utah have issued warnings not to shoot people dressed as clowns. A “Clown Lives Matter” march scheduled for this weekend was canceled because of death threats. Even Stephen King, whose 1986 novel “It” depicted a veritable archetype of the demented clown, has issued an appeal for calm:

Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria–most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.— Stephen King (@StephenKing) October 3, 2016
Clowns Are A Sign Of ‘Liminal Anxiety’
What’s going on with these clowns? Why are so many people posing as demented clowns, and why are so many Americans afraid of them? The clown craze might seem bizarre and random, but it springs directly from a collective sense of unease, anxiety, and fear. This election season has been marked above all by anger and frustration at the political class, which fueled the insurgent campaign of Bernie Sanders and continues to fuel Donald Trump’s campaign.

It’s also been marked by a sense, especially among Trump supporters, of identity crisis—that the country they know is slipping away from them. Trump’s slogan, “Make America Great Again,” hearkens back to a simpler, albeit hazy, time when things were better, when the disruptions of globalization were not so keenly felt, and working-class communities were more homogenous.

That anxiety has found visceral expression in anti-immigration sentiment. That’s not to say our immigration system isn’t in need of serious reform, but the animosity toward immigrants among Trump supporters reflects something deeper than qualms about low-skilled Mexican laborers displacing former factory workers in the Rust Belt. In fact, despite the harsh immigration rhetoric from Trump, polls show that a large majority of Americans are opposed to things like a border wall and mass deportation. That’s true even in Texas, which shares a long border with Mexico and where Trump leads Hillary Clinton by an average of more than six points.

So how do clowns fit into all this? Last month at the Texas Tribune Festival, clowns came up during a panel discussion on the future of conservatism. The moderator, Erica Grieder, a senior editor at Texas Monthly, mentioned a conversation she had some years ago with Janet Davis, an historian at the University of Texas. Davis wrote a book in 2002 called “The Circus Age,” detailing the role the circus once played in American life. Besides being a spectacle for entertainment, circuses in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries were a way for Americans to grapple with the massive changes and transitions happening all around them—what academics call “liminal anxiety.” In those days, Americans were arguably dealing with far more upheaval than we are today. The Industrial Revolution didn’t just bring mass immigration to America, it also triggered mass migration of rural Americans into cities and away from agrarian life.
As our cities grew and ethnicities mixed, tensions naturally arose between the native-born and the newly arrived. In this context, circus clowns often represented immigrants.

Since whiteness wasn’t a de facto marker of privilege in turn-of-the-century America, even immigrants from Europe were depicted by clowns with, as Davis writes, “a comical exaggeration of unassimilable racial differences.” Clowns could also be native-born rustics, childishly clinging to an old way of life. Davis describes an 1893 burlesque after-show concert with a cast of clowns including a “Yankee Farmer,” an “Irish Knock-About,” a “Black-face Comedian,” and “Black-face Sketch Artists.” She writes:

As part of its clown constellation, Barnum & Baily’s program in 1906 included a “Funny Rustic,” a “Fat Boy,” and an “Odd Zany,” among more specific ethnic types including a “German Broad Face” and an “Austrian Looby.” The Hebrew clown was another turn-of-the-century staple, a visible part of lively Jewish American entertainment culture that humorously chronicled travails of immigrant life in the United States. Like the symbolic uses of blackface through whiteface, agrarian and Old World characters nostalgically reminded male circus audiences of childish pleasures from an era when labor was seemingly more leisurely, tied to the seasons rather than the industrial clock.
During the panel, Grieder noted that clowns have always been a manifestation of this “liminal anxiety,” in part because they don’t fit into normal society. As everyone knows, clowns are often mischievous pranksters, violating social norms and conventions, which is part of their comic appeal. But that also makes them ambiguous and contradictory. Is this clown young or old? A man or a woman? Is it friendly? Is it trustworthy? Is it dangerous?

Sometimes Only A Court Jester Can Break Bad News Precisely because clowns exist outside of established society, they also often act as truth-tellers, revealing uncomfortable or disturbing realities. Shakespeare’s “Twelfth Night,” for example, ends with the character Feste—a classic Shakespeare fool—alone on stage, singing directly to the audience about one of the play’s central themes: the inevitable march from the bliss of childhood to the trials and disappointments of adulthood:

When that I was and a little tiny boy,
With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
A foolish thing was but a toy,
For the rain it raineth every day.

But when I came to man’s estate,
With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
’Gainst knaves and thieves men shut their gate,
For the rain it raineth every day.
The happy, innocent clown of contemporary American culture is a rather watered-down version of this older, more complicated clown. Medieval court jesters and harlequins played the fool not just to entertain, but often to give expression to otherwise forbidden or unpopular notions. Sometimes they could speak frankly to the king when no one else could. When the French navy was destroyed at the Battle of Sluys in 1340, only the court jester could break the news to King Philip VI, joking, “How brave the Frenchmen are, throwing themselves into the sea, unlike those cowardly English, who cling to their ships.”

The most famous jester in Polish history was Stańczyk, who was a member of the court of three Polish kings during the turn of the sixteenth century, when Poland enjoyed a period of great political and cultural power.

Stańczyk was more than just a jester, he was a trusted political advisor. A famous 1862 painting of him by Jan Matejko, entitled, “Stańczyk during a ball at the court of Queen Bona in the face of the loss of Smolensk,” shows the jester deep in thought while a lively ball rages in the background, celebrating a recent victory at the Battle of Orsha. Stańczyk sits apart from the revelers, brooding on the loss of the fortress Smolensk to the Russians, which a discarded letter on a table next to him announces. The painting is a portrait of dynastic downfall amid celebration, and the jester is the only one who understands what’s really going on.

That’s not to say the recent mass sightings of demented clowns across the country are a portent of American decline. But they are likely a sign of heightened anxiety, fear, and tension. In that sense, the clowns might be a good thing: they’re trying to tell us something. To be sure, we’re going through a period of change and transition—a “liminal” moment, so to speak—but the presidential election has stirred up racial tensions and class resentments that many Americans thought were a thing of the past.

They’re not, and it’s an ugly and uncomfortable thing to behold. So uncomfortable, maybe, that only a bunch of psychotic clowns can break the news to us.
The Clown Lives Matter march scheduled to take place tomorrow in Arizona has been canceled after the event's organizer said she received death threats on social media.

The march was organized in response to the increase of creepy clown sightings and threats in recent months. Participants were encouraged to wear clown masks, full makeup and costumes and families were invited to "meet a clown and get a hug!"

"This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers," a flier for the event said. "We want the public to feel safe, and not be afraid."

The Clown Lives Matter march scheduled to take place tomorrow in Arizona has been canceled after the event's organizer said she received death threats on social media.

The march was organized in response to the increase of creepy clown sightings and threats in recent months. Participants were encouraged to wear clown masks, full makeup and costumes and families were invited to "meet a clown and get a hug!"

"This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers," a flier for the event said. "We want the public to feel safe, and not be afraid."

The Clown Lives Matter march scheduled to take place tomorrow in Arizona has been canceled after the event's organizer said she received death threats on social media.

The march was organized in response to the increase of creepy clown sightings and threats in recent months. Participants were encouraged to wear clown masks, full makeup and costumes and families were invited to "meet a clown and get a hug!"

"This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers," a flier for the event said. "We want the public to feel safe, and not be afraid."

The Clown Lives Matter march scheduled to take place tomorrow in Arizona has been canceled after the event's organizer said she received death threats on social media.

The march was organized in response to the increase of creepy clown sightings and threats in recent months. Participants were encouraged to wear clown masks, full makeup and costumes and families were invited to "meet a clown and get a hug!"

"This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers," a flier for the event said. "We want the public to feel safe, and not be afraid."

The Clown Lives Matter march scheduled to take place tomorrow in Arizona has been canceled after the event's organizer said she received death threats on social media. The march was organized in response to the increase of creepy clown sightings and threats in recent months. Participants were encouraged to wear clown masks, full makeup and costumes and families were invited to "meet a clown and get a hug!" "This is a peaceful walk to show clowns are not psycho killers," a flier for the event said. "We want the public to feel safe, and not be afraid." The event's organizer was revealed as Shelly Gutierrez by ABC affiliate KGUN in Tucson. She wrote on Facebook that she has been harassed online.

"With the [numerous] death threats and harassment it's sad to say we have canceled what was supposed to be a fun peacewalk," Gutierrez, who goes by the name "Nikki Sinn" on Facebook and has 38,000 followers, wrote. "We apologize to everyone who was excited to go and have a good night of fun."

Gutierrez said the people who had "bombarded" the event page with harassing posts will be reported to authorities. The event was taken down from Facebook, but the flier posted on Oct. 5 remained on Gutierrez's Facebook page. She did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.

Tucson Police Spokesman Sgt. Pete Dugan told ABC News that he did not know if Gutierrez had filed a report regarding the death threats she said she received. The Rev. Reginald Walton, chairman of Black Lives Matter Phoenix, said he was "glad" the march was canceled and called the Clown Lives Matter movement "insensitive" considering the "serious problem we are facing in this country" regarding police brutality.

"We really are hoping that people understand the message is not to be taken lightly or usurped because this is a serious, serious issue," Walton told ABC News. "The violence has to stop."

Since Tucson has not seen any scary clown activity, police weren't planning on providing extra security for the march, Dugan said. But since the downtown Tucson area is highly populated on weekend evenings due to its plethora of bars and restaurants, several Tucson police officers are already in patrol of the area, and the department has additional resources available if needed.

"It didn't seem like they were going to need [additional security]," Dugan said. "We weren't expecting anything major to happen."

 Follow
 Angelica Carrillo @acarrillonews
#Tucson PD were aware of the #ClownLivesMatter walk & were planning to have downtown foot patrols on 4th Ave. but event has been cancelled
7:41 AM - 13 Oct 2016 · Tucson, AZ
  4 4 Retweets   2 2 likes
The uptick of scary clown incidents and sightings has rattled the nation in the months leading up to Halloween. The issue has become so severe that it prompted the White House to issue a statement saying the creepy clown incidents should be taken "seriously" by law enforcement.
You've probably heard of the “killer clown” sightings and threats that are stoking fear around the U.S. Here are seven things you need to know about the recent scary clown hysteria:

1. It started in South Carolina
The “killer clown” hysteria began in late August, when unsubstantiated rumors surfaced in Greenville, South Carolina, that creepy clowns were trying to lure children into the woods. Those rumors were followed by reports of scary clown sightings in North Carolina, Florida, Pennsylvania, New York, Wisconsin, Colorado and several other states.

See Also: 10 Scary Movies You Can Watch Now on Netflix

2. Many of the recent sightings and threats have been hoaxes…
As the creepy clown panic intensified, many police departments around the country saw a spike in 911 calls about apparent clown sightings. But many of these turned out to be hoaxes. As of late September, at least 12 people around the U.S. faced charges of “making false reports or threats, or chasing people,” according to the New York Times.

Many schools have also received violent threats of violence from supposed “killer clowns” on social media, which also turned out to be hoaxes. In some cases, schools have gone on lockdown in response to what turned out to be prank posts on social media.

3. …but not all.
Though most of the scary clown sightings haven’t been confirmed, or have turned out to be hoaxes, a few have been real. In Kentucky, a 20-year-old man was arrested for lurking near an apartment complex while wearing a bloody clown mask.

And earlier this month in Roseville, Michigan, two 18-year-old women were arrested for dressing as clowns and chasing and frightening two 14-year-old girls.

4. Some schools are banning clown costumes
Amid the panic surrounding scary clowns, some schools are banning clown costumes this Halloween. The superintendent of Montclair Public Schools in New Jersey asked parents not to allow “children to dress up as clowns at any school event due to the possible disruption and fear it may cause.”

Some schools in Connecticut, Colorado, California, and other states have also banned clown costumes this year to avoid creating a panic. 5. Fears have fueled clown-hunting riots
The recent creepy clown reports have whipped some people into a frenzy. Earlier this month, a mob of students at Penn State University took to the streets to hunt a clown that was reportedly seen in the area. And at Michigan State University, a group of students rioted after a photo of a clown lurking outside a dormitory surfaced on social media (the image turned out to be a Photoshopped hoax).

6. Professional clowns are worried
There’s one group that’s particularly upset about the recent creepy clown hysteria: real clowns. The World Clown Association has condemned people posing as killer clowns, saying they are making it harder for trained professional clowns to do their job safely.

“We’re the good, clean fun wholesome characters,” said WCA president Randy Christensen. “Almost all the clowns I know got started in this business because they wanted to give back to their community and bring a smile.”

“A number of our members aren’t sure what to do,” he added in an interview with the Detroit Free Press. “There’s a grandma who was about to do a clown show for a first-grader’s birthday party…but now she’s afraid to do the party because she’s getting prank calls from people who are saying they want to hunt her down because she’s a clown.”

Even Stephen King, whose fictional clown Pennywise has haunted the nightmares of countless kids, came to the defense of real-life clowns: 7. The clown panic may reflect wider fears
It may be no coincidence that the scary clown panic is sweeping the U.S. at this moment in 2016. Some experts say that the hysteria over evil clowns is linked to people’s anxieties over the upcoming election, the rise of mass shootings around the country, fears over international terrorism, racial tensions, and other worries.

“I do think there’s an element of social anxiety,” urban legends researcher Ben Radford told Vox. “It sort of creates this ripe social context for clown panics.”

He added that clowns, with their painted-on smiles that could conceal something sinister, personify people’s fears of the unknown.

“Essentially it’s about a fear of loss of the familiar and loss of control,” he said.
“Send in the clowns. Don’t bother, they’re here,” goes the Stephen Sondheim song.

And now hysteria over creepy clown sightings has been rising to fever pitch in the US since August and is spreading internationally.

But the situation is so absurd that police departments are pleading with the attention-seekers to stop dressing up as evil clowns to scare people, while a woman organized a “peace march” that had been scheduled for Saturday night in support of clowns.

However it turned out that she herself wears some pretty scary clown makeup and had decided to call the event Clown Lives Matter.

When that crass echo of the protest movement over police killing unarmed black men triggered an avalanche of protest on social media and personal attacks against the organizer, who identifies herself on Facebook as Nikki Sinn, abruptly canceled the event. Sinn had at first declared herself amused.

“Lol, literally being called homophobic and racist for using ‘lives matter’….Haha wooow,” she posted on the social network, beneath a picture of herself grotesquely smiling with green hair and smudged eye make-up, seemingly as a version of Batman’s lethal nemesis, Joker.

That was followed by a further post on Thursday after she had canceled the event, reportedly because of threats, saying: “Kiss my ass ... I’ll march alone.” Professional clowns are decidedly unamused.

“It’s not appropriate,” said Dick Milhollan, the last director of the former Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Clown College, which was based in Florida and closed in 1997, and half of the veteran clown duo Slappy and Monday. “My livelihood could be affected by the latest bout of clown impersonators scaring people but that’s nothing on the scale of the painful struggles being protested by Black Lives Matter, someone being shot or disliked because of the color of their skin,” he said.

“Meanwhile, every amateur Bozo is going to come out and that’s going to be what America sees, reinforcing the stereotype that being a clown is just about a big wig and face paint.”

The term has been trending on social media and overall clown hysteria is refusing to go away.

“Clown Lives Matter? Oh my God. I really don’t know that’s a good idea,” said Lorenzo Pisoni, a dramatic actor who originally began performing as a clown when he was two years old , and has just completed a documentary, Circus Kid, about growing up in the ring.

The controversy even reached Ronald McDonald when McDonald’s announced it was giving the clown mascot a break until the wave of hysteria passes. And while some schools are banning clown outfits from Halloween celebrations this year, costume shops are making a killing and demented clowns are likely to be out in full force during trick-or-treat rituals and parades this 31 October.

“We’re selling out. Right now we have no clown costumes, because of this whole clown thing that’s happening in the news. You’d better look online,” a cashier at a New York branch of Party City said on Wednesday.

People across the US are now, variously, being arrested with fright-wigs, red noses and weapons, filmed clinging to the back of a moving bus, perpetrating hoaxes, causing school lockdowns, scaring the daylights out of people and exporting the craze to, at least, Britain and Australia.

Milhollan, alias Dick Monday, is at first offended even at being asked about the hysteria, having been clowning for more than 40 years in a profession where slapstick and self-mockery belies a finely-honed art form.

“If I dress up as a nun and stand on a street corner with a knife, it would seem odd if nuns then had to come out and defend their profession,” he said.

But he acknowledges that in “the world of clowns”, there are many paradoxes.

“In history they have been very powerful, you think of the court jester speaking truth to the king, Shakespeare’s wise fools as key characters, the European tradition of masks, the era of silent movies,” he said.

From Shakespeare’s Puck, King Lear’s Fool and the riddling gravediggers in Hamlet, uncovering the skull of the jester, Yorick, to Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton, today’s top clowns are steeped in a proud but enigmatic tradition.

American circuses emerged in the 18th century and the traveling circus took off in the 19th century, performing in gigantic arenas, where clowns exaggerated their outfits and makeup to help audiences follow their comedic expressions and gestures more easily, Milhollan explained.

The 50th Smithsonian Folklife Festival will pay tribute to clowning and other circus acts in 2017 with exhibitions on the National Mall in Washington.

“Since President George Washington attended John Bill Ricketts’ circus in Philadelphia in 1793, circus arts have intrigued generations,” the festival website states. Multi-talented clown Dan Rice became a household name in America in the mid-1800s, with his performing pig, Sybil. He ran for president – unsuccessfully, obviously – but coined the popular phrase “jump on the bandwagon” after inviting future president Zachary Taylor onto his traveling circus cart. Legend has it Rice even inspired Uncle Sam’s aesthetic .

But the traveling circus in both Europe and the US always had its vagabond side with performers, circus hands and animals crammed into wagons, side-shows drawing pick-pockets and brawlers, life on the road attracting runaways and, no doubt, the odd fugitive.

“Shaking that stigma isn’t easy,” said Milhollan.

His clowning partner and wife Tiffany Riley, alias Slappy, said that clowning is a much misunderstood art form.

“Being ridiculous is a serious business,” she said. Slappy graduated from New York University’s Tisch School of the Arts and she and Monday toured with the Big Apple Circus.

They’ve trained clowns and straight actors and now are often employed to perform in schools or cheer up children in hospitals, where the kids call her Dr Slappy. She’s currently writing her master’s thesis on the effects of humor on healing.

“It upsets me, it really hurts,” she said of the new wave of clown hysteria and hopes it will die down after Halloween. “But some people are drawn to the dark side of everything and if you put the make-up on a certain way, it’s scary, I’ll grant you that”.

Vocational clowns are not only up against amateurs and imposters – a new film version of Stephen King’s horror novel It is underway, with an evil clown who preys on children as well as everyone’s phobias and fears.

And TV’s American Horror Story series has twice recently invoked the real life serial killer John Wayne Gacy, a former clown who murdered at least 33 males in Illinois in the 1970s.

“Distrust of clowns is deeply entrenched. The make-up that can be un-nerving and the archetype of the jester operating outside the normal rules of society – if you take that one step further you can draw that character as a killer and then you’re off to the races, a figure that is adored and revered is co-opted and professional clowns have to reassure people and separate themselves from the crazy people running around. It’s exasperating,” said Pisoni.

But he also acknowledges that “there is an inherent distrust of someone who is always smiling”.

But while scary pretend clowns hide behind their garb to threaten people, Pisoni said professional clowns flip that on its head – they are vulnerable, baring their souls as they attempt the tricky art of making an audience laugh.

His new documentary, Circus Kid, which screened at the Woodstock Film Festival on Friday and is showing at DOC NYC in New York on Monday, is based on his biographical play Humor Abuse, charting the trials and tribulations of growing up in the circus.

Pisoni began clowning principally to get the attention of his distracted father, clown Larry Pisoni, who created the Pickle Family Circus in California in 1974.

He describes how, beneath the costume, the gags and the acrobatics, his father was a depressive who dealt poorly with his mental “demons” and had a nervous breakdown in 1987.

As that famous Smokey Robinson lyric goes: “Ain’t too much sadder than the tears of a clown.”

Lorenzo Pisoni fled the circus once when he reached adulthood and became a dramatic stage and screen actor. Performing drama is a lot easier than comedy, he pointed out.

And he’ll be distancing himself a long way from Clown Lives Matter.

“It’s making a lot out of something that’s not funny,” he said.
Send out the clowns.

Target will stop selling clown masks amid a rash of reported clown attacks — real and fake — that have terrorized the United States in recent months, a company spokesman said.

“Given the current environment, we have made the decision to remove a variety of clown masks from our assortment, both in stores and online,” Joshua Thomas, the spokesman, said in an email.

The Minneapolis-based retailer has 1,799 stores in the United States. The company did not clarify Monday whether the decision would affect all of its stores.

But Target seemed to have quietly stopped selling clown masks on its website entirely. On Monday morning, searches for “clown masks” on Target.com turned up nothing. Links from search engines to clown masks that Target previously stocked simply led to a message that said, “Product not available.”

Clown costumes for children, oversize clown suits and “sexy clown” outfits are, however, apparently still available for sale. The retail giant’s decision, just two weeks before Halloween, comes as the frenzy over “creepy clown” sightings and threats has reached a fever pitch.

Across the country, scary-clown rumors have led to school lockdowns and arrests.

As The Washington Post’s Ben Guarino reported in early October:

South Carolina was creepy clown Ground Zero in August, when emergency calls from residents of Greenville County prompted deputies to search an apartment complex and the nearby forest for criminal clowns. A clown, or someone dressed like one, was “trying to lure children in the woods,” warned the property manager of Fleetwood Manor Apartments in Greenville. . . .

What began as reports from concerned parents to police mutated into memes, pranks and, in some cases, felonious hoaxes. Although there is little evidence that clowns are stealing children or planning attacks, clowns (or at least clown images and paraphernalia) have been associated with a recent rash of mischief and violent threats.

The madness reached such a height that renowned horror author Stephen King had to step in on Twitter and, of all things, try to soothe people’s fears. The corporate retailer is not the first to hit the brakes on clown-mask sales this year because of the creepy-clown scare.

In Michigan, Crypt Keepers Halloween Emporium boxed up all of its less expensive clown costumes, lest customers get hurt — or try to hurt someone else — while wearing them, the Detroit News reported.

“It’s not worth the sale,” owner Dave Douglas told the newspaper. “These people are causing an epidemic.”

[Unmasking ‘Wrinkles,’ the mysterious, creepy clown who punishes misbehaving kids for cash]

That has not stopped people from buying clown masks wherever they can. Sales of clown masks, especially “evil” or “scary” ones, have spiked 300 percent this year, Halloween Express operations manager Brad Butler told the Wrap.

“As to why we’re selling more clown masks this year than last, I could speculate, but frankly my opinion doesn’t matter,” Butler told the site. “Truth is, I don’t know.”

The creepy-clown craze has unnerved professional clowns, who say the pranks and threats have harmed their image. World Clown Association President Randy Christensen recently addressed the reports, saying that “whoever is doing this crazy stuff is not a clown.”

“We try not to focus on the negatives but try to provide a positive image of clowning,” Christensen said. “If somebody dresses like a doctor . . . and comes at you with a chainsaw, he is not really a doctor.” A few weeks ago, a woman in Tucson scheduled a “Clown Lives Matter” march in response to the social media frenzy, the Arizona Republic reported. Organizer Nikki Sinn told the paper that she wasn’t a professional clown but was worried about the recent clown scares.

“We want to make it be a fun, safe, upbeat night,” Sinn told the paper. “I’m just trying to make it a little bit light so it isn’t scary for anyone.”

But the march, scheduled for Saturday, had to be canceled after the event’s Facebook page was bombarded with “numerous death threats and harassment,” Sinn said.
This is an actual text message I received from a friend last week: “What if I get attacked by a clown on my walk home from the subway?”

My friend, like many people, has succumbed to the clown hysteria that’s been taking the media by storm for the past two months. It started in South Carolina, reports Time, when clown-like figures were found attempting to lure kids into the woods. Threatening clowns have since been spotted in dozens of communities across the United States — oftentimes threatening children and wielding knives — and these incidents have spurred copycats worldwide.

Bozo-based hysteria may be at an all-time high, but clowns have been creeping people out for many years. We spoke with two psychologists who — get this — have specifically studied the fear of clowns.

RELATED: 13 Things People With Anxiety Want You to Know

The main reason we’re creeped out by clowns? We feel we can’t trust them, says Rami Nader, PhD, a psychologist and director of the North Shore Stress and Anxiety Clinic in North Vancouver, British Columbia. “They have these large, artificial, painted-on expressions, which you know don’t actually represent how that clown is feeling because nobody can be happy all the time and yet the clown has a big happy smiling face all the time,” Nader says. “In essence, you sort of know that it’s lying to you in terms of the presentation.”

The main reason we’re creeped out by clowns? We feel we can’t trust them, says Rami Nader, PhD, a psychologist and director of the North Shore Stress and Anxiety Clinic in North Vancouver, British Columbia.
Many people are also afraid of clown mannerisms, says Frank McAndrew, PhD, a professor of psychology at Knox College who specifically studies creepiness. “People are afraid of clowns because they are so mischievous and unpredictable, and unlike vampires and ghosts, they really exist and could possibly cause trouble for you,” he explains. Typical clown behavior—throwing pies, squirting people with water, cracking crude jokes—makes us uncomfortable and distrustful, two feelings that can cause fear and anxiety.

The portrayal of clowns in pop culture stokes our anxiety as well. If you saw Stephen King’sIt as a kid, for example, then you’re more likely to see clowns a demonic figures. “You see a film with a creepy, evil clown, and it changes the way you perceive clowns in the future, or could potentially do that,” says Nader. “With this kind of clown hysteria going on, this is probably going to affect people’s view of clowns moving forward.”

RELATED: 19 Natural Remedies for Anxiety

Luckily, most people’s clown fears aren’t debilitating, says Nader. “Unless you happen to be a circus performer who has to work a lot with clowns, for the most part we generally don’t have to interact with clowns in our society and it doesn’t cause any distress or interference in your life at all.” So even if you’re stressed out right now by the creepy clown craze, when it dies down, you should start feeling normal again.
When the clowns began to surface, many guessed they might be part of a guerrilla marketing campaign for a horror movie. The next day in Tennessee, police say a clown armed with explosives walked into a bank and demanded money from a teller.

Memphis police said one person clad with a clown costume and another person got away with an undisclosed amount of cash.

October 3, 2016: Clown threats targeting Philadelphia schools made by girl, 13, police say. The following Monday, Philadelphia police identified a 13-year-old girl as the person who made so-called "clown threats" toward local schools.

Investigators said the girl told them it was a "prank" committed with a friend at her school and she never had any intent to harm anyone.

October 4, 2016: Police investigate threats made toward Indiana schools


A day later, Hammond police said they were investigating social media threats made by clowns against several northwest Indiana schools.

"So far there have been no reports of confirmed clown sightings in the City of Hammond and at this time the information appears to be solely based on Facebook," Hammond Police Lt. Richard Hoyda said.

October 5, 2016: Clown threats reported at schools throughout Chicago area The following day, a teenager was arrested in connection with a fake clown threat in Hammond, Ind., just as worried parents accompanied their children to school because of creepy clown threats in the Chicago area.

Chicago Public Schools said it was investigating approximately 50 social media incidents with threats involving clowns.

Authorities across a dozen suburbs said they were also investigating various clown-related threats and sightings.

October 6, 2016: Mom fights off clown accused of attempting to kidnap girl The next day, a mother in California said she had to fight off a man dressed in a clown suit to keep him from snatching her 1-year-old daughter out of her arms.

She said he wore a blue curly wig, but no mask or makeup on his face. After a brief conversation, she said he grabbed for her daughter's arm.

October 6, 2016: Police: Teen girl asked clown to kill her teacher That same day, a 13-year-old girl was charged in an alleged murder-for-hire plot involving a clown and her teacher.

Authorities said the girl asked a person posing as a clown on social media to kill her teacher.

The girl was charged with one count of threatening to kill by electronic message.

October 7, 2016: Parents leave child, 4, home alone to pull clown pranks, police say Two parents were arrested on charges they left their 4-year-old child at home so they could allegedly terrorize a neighborhood while dressed as clowns.

Police in Menasha said several people wearing clown costumes were seen chasing cars in the early morning hours of Oct. 7.

October 8, 2016: Clown seen clinging to back of moving bus


Over the weekend, someone in a clown costume was caught on video hanging off the back of a moving bus in Detroit.

WDIV reports the video has more than 500,000 views on social media. The person who shot the video said it was filmed on Saturday.

The Detroit Department of Transportation said it was increasing security following the incident.

October 11, 2016: Ronald McDonald keeping lower profile due to clown sightings

McDonald's Corp. said it is being "thoughtful in respect to Ronald McDonald's participation in community events" as a result of the "current climate around clown sightings in communities."

The burger chain's decision comes after a rash of pranks around the country that have involved eerie clown sightings.

October 16, 2016: Creepy clown scared off after man fires gun into air, police say

A person dressed as a clown was apparently scared off after the man he was approaching fired a gun into the air, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.

Authorities said a man called 911 to report that someone dressed in a clown costume holding a knife approached his home. The man told deputies he fired a warning shot into the air and the suspect ran from the area.

October 17, 2016: Target pulls clown masks from shelves

Just a few weeks before Halloween, Target said it is removing clown masks from store shelves and its website after scary clown threats have been reported across the country.

"We had a few masks in stores, which we began to pull last week," a media representative of Target told ABC News. "We also have edited down our assortment online. You'll still find clown masks there, but we made the decision to pull back on the number."

October 20, 2016: Mississippi county bans clowns until after Halloween A Mississippi county has had enough of the creepy clown craze, at least until after Halloween.

Kemper County supervisors enacted a clown ban this week, temporarily preventing people from dressing as clowns. Anyone caught in public wearing a clown costume, mask or makeup could face a $150 fine.

Now, after a summer of sightings, several clown-related threats, robberies and close encounters involving children have law enforcement and communities across the country on edge.

August 2016: People call 911 to report clowns Some of the first clown sightings began back in June and August, stretching from the Midwest to the East Coast and through the south. In Wisconsin, Gags the Green Bay Clown gained viral status after grainy photos of a clown surfaced walking the streets under the cover of night.

Speculation was that Gags and other clown sightings might be related to a viral marketing campaign for a movie, haunted house or other entertainment product or venue.

August 30, 2016: Police warn of clown trying to lure children into woods

The clown sightings took a scary turn in late August, when authorities in South Carolina began reports of a person dressed as a clown trying to lure children into the woods.

Deputies said they received several reports of suspicious characters dressed like clowns with white face paint who were flashing green lasers and enticing kids with large amounts of money.

September 14, 2016: Clowns chase children waiting for school bus In mid-September, three children in Georgia told police about an incident involving two adult men dressed as clowns.

McDuffie County deputies say Cameron Frails, 12, and his little brother were walking to a bus stop after 6am when they were chased by men donning all black clothing, clown masks and red wigs.

The neighbor girl, Hannah Rice, saw the clowns following the boys out from between two mobile homes before the chase, deputies said.

September 21, 2016: Clowns in the woods, chasing children A week later, police in Pottsville, Pennsylvania began investigating a frightening claim by a 12-year-old who said she was chased by a clown through a park.

Brianne Hawke, 12, told WNEP-TV that a little boy came screaming through the park after allegedly seeing a group of clowns "eating something in the woods."

"A clown started chasing us up here and turned around and went back to the woods," she said. But the terror wasn't over.

The alleged clowns returned, she said, throwing sticks at the children before hurling curse words at them. "It was scary," Brianne says.

September 24, 2016: Law enforcement issues alert over clown-related crimes After alleged clown sightings in South Carolina, southern Kentucky, Tennessee and a few other states, the Tennessee Highway Patrol issued a warning to parents to watch the kids and to be on the lookout for anything out of the ordinary.

The threat, they said, was the possibility of predators in clown costumes seeking to lure children into the woods.

THP says watch for clowns trying to lure children in to the woods. They are possibly predators. Call 911 or *847 pic.twitter.com/7AaEOj4WuE

— TN Highway Patrol (@TNHighwayPatrol) September 24, 2016


Around the same time, law enforcement said a teenager in Coffee County, Tennessee claimed to have been attacked by a clown.

All the while, retail shops across the U.S. began rolling out Halloween costumes including an assortment of clown-related costumes, wigs, makeup and accessories.

September 26, 2016: FBI investigates school threat including 'scary clown image' Arizona officials blame an abnormal number of school absences on a social media threat featuring a clown image.

Between two Phoenix school districts, 24 schools were named in a multitude of threats posted online. Parents and students were shaken, with about half of the 3,000 students at Marydale High School skipping class out of concern.

Three juveniles were arrested after the FBI joined the investigation. They face felony charges, but law enforcement said they believed others may be involved.

Later in the week, schools in Ohio and Tennessee would be targeted by similar clown-related threats.

September 27, 2016: Teens wearing clown masks tied to fast food restaurant robberies The next day in Phoenix, police say two different fast food restaurants were robbed by suspects wearing clown masks.

Around 8pm Tuesday, a Taco Bell restaurant was allegedly hit by an armed robber. As police were busy investigating, the suspects allegedly hit a Domino's restaurant nearby.

Two 17-year-olds were arrested in connection with the robberies.

September 28, 2016: Group of clowns allegedly terrorize drivers in the street Several 911 calls in Long Island, New York were recorded in regards to clown incidents.

In one call, drivers reported a group of clowns were jumping in front of moving vehicles in Brentwood.

No one was arrested after the incidents.

September 29, 2016: Police: Clown armed with explosives robs bank
We live in scary times.

In 2016, we’ve seen hundreds of mass shootings. We’ve watched the gap between rich and poor Americans widen. We’ve witnessed the fulminant rise of Donald Trump, whose nomination left Vox editor in chief Ezra Klein “truly afraid” for the first time in American politics.

But in the eyes of our citizens, there is a graver threat at hand: clowns.

In a poll we conducted with Morning Consult last week, 42 percent of Americans said they were, in some capacity, afraid of clowns. Among voters ages 18 to 29, nearly one in three admitted to at least a minor case of coulrophobia — fear of clowns. The poll, conducted October 15 to 17, comes amid the great clown scare of 2016: Since August, more than 100 “suspicious” clown sightings have been reported across the US, from Seattle to Bangor, Maine.

We get it: Clowns are creepy. Especially when lingering in empty parking lots at 3:30 in the morning, holding black balloons. But are they scarier than real threats, like climate change, economic hardship, or the death of loved ones?

According to Americans, yes. Yes, they are.

We compared the results of our poll with a poll recently conducted by Chapman University, which asked 1,511 Americans to identify their greatest fears from a list of topics. Clowns outranked every single fear, save for “government corruption.” (Note that our poll and the Chapman poll had slightly different answer options: Chapman’s had “very afraid,” “afraid,” and “a little afraid,” while our poll had “very afraid,” “somewhat afraid,” and “a little afraid.”) Americans — at least, those surveyed in our poll — are more afraid of clowns than a possible terrorist attack, a family member dying, climate change, biological warfare, and the always-terrifying Obamacare.

Clowns also handily surpass classic fears like heights, needles, and ghosts. Oh, and dying. Because the threat of a clown is scarier than death itself.

Two-thirds of Americans want a government crackdown on clowns
In fact, Americans are so utterly petrified by clowns that they overwhelmingly support some kind of government or police-led takedown of any that roam the streets.

When asked if various police or government forces should stop the great clown scare, two out of three respondents expressed that they’d like to see more intervention. And not just from local agencies: 36 percent wanted to see “much more” or “somewhat more” action on behalf of the FBI.

Just to clarify, more than one-third of Americans want the FBI to invest its time and resources into investigating clowns. In a recent conference, White House press secretary Josh Earnest seemed to agree: “Obviously, this is a situation that local law enforcement authorities take quite seriously,” he told a reporter. “They should thoroughly review perceived threats to the safety of the community.”

Americans are afraid of nearly all clowns
It should be noted that this fear of clowns is not limited to the legitimately terrifying costumed pranksters who’ve recently emerged.

We sent 1,999 Americans a variety of clown pictures and asked them to rate how creepy each one was, from “very creepy” to “not creepy at all.” The majority of respondents found most of the clowns to be scarier than things like needles and snakes. The two street clown images — both screencaps pulled from recent news footage — evoked the most fear: 91 percent of people found the images at least a little creepy. But even classics like a Cirque du Soleil clown (79 percent creepy), opera singer Luciano Pavarotti as a clown (62 percent creepy), and Bozo the Clown (48 percent creepy) — characters intended to be approachable, not scary — fared poorly.

Ronald McDonald was the lone exception: Only one-third of respondents deemed the fast-food mascot creepy, and a mere 8 percent marked him as “very creepy.” Respondents determined a crappy MS Paint illustration (“cartoon clown”) to be creepier.

But even Ronald wasn’t immune to the great clown scare. Last week, McDonald’s decided to cancel all of his public appearances until further notice — the first time that’s happened since the character’s 1963 debut.

"McDonald's [is] mindful of the current climate around clown sightings in communities,” a spokesperson said in a press release, “and as such is being thoughtful in respect to Ronald McDonald's participation in community events for the time being.”
nan
“Everybody is a clown, but only a few have the courage to show it,” said the famous Spanish artist Charlie Rivel.

Clowns are currently scaring people across the world. I talked to Josh Zeman, a filmmaker and expert on urban legends, about this phenomenon.

Josh, there is a widespread phenomenon in the U.S.: People are dressing up as creepy clowns and scaring citizens. What is this all about?
I think it has to do with the current politics in the U.S. Urban legends and hysterias are always born out of the moment’s societal fears. In America, we have a political race that’s nothing like we’ve ever seen. With Donald Trump, we have a nominee that is acting crazy: He’s bringing personal issues into the debate, making statements such as: “only idiots pay tax,” and inciting violence. We have a situation where people like him are chipping away at the basic moral fiber of politics. And that creates fear.

 
Isn’t it interesting that this whole clown-craze is taking place now, just before the elections?
But why clowns? Why don’t they dress up like werewolves or some other creature?
The clown has become a Joker-like character: He is an agent of chaos. It has to do with the aforementioned fear: Politics are out of order and ignoring basic morals values — you could actually say that they are acting clownish, in a way. Donald Trump is constantly challenging political institutions, as if he wants to the whole world to burn. He channels the “fear of the other”: The fear of immigrants, of people belonging to other religions, etc. Isn’t it interesting that this whole clown-craze is taking place now, just before the elections? These clowns have emerged before, but we never had this driving force of fear before. I predict that once the election is over, we won’t hear any more about these clowns.

Also, most people find clowns creepy. It may have to do with the mask. This make-up used to be a very practical thing: Clowns used to perform in arenas, so they accentuated their facial features for better visibility. But now this mask has turned into something else, something sinister.

What is so fascinating about clowns? 
Clowns used to be depicted as drunks and hobos. There used to be a political dimension to the clown: We changed the clown from the court jester into an entertainer. In the U.S., we sanitised the clown and took away its rough edges: “Hey Kids, do you want a balloon?”

But in recent decades, there has been a change: Clowns have become associated with pedophila. And also with murder: Think of John Wayne Garcia, “The Killer Clown,” for example.

But in most cases, the clown is simply our “other character”: We put on the mask and engage in anti-social behaviour and act mischievous. As society becomes more structured we need to find outlets for our “evil.” And the clown serves as this outlet. But in most cases it’s quite harmless: It’s like a prankster that pulls the fire alarm in school and watches the parents, teachers and police go crazy. Now, with all this media attention and the internet, it’s exciting for kids to dress up as clowns and watch the whole world go crazy. Someday, a new monster will come along and people may forget about clowns.

And of course, the whole thing also has a funny side. I mean, I laugh when I see a policeman on a podium stating things like: “Ladies and Gentlemen, I believe we have no clowns here.”

“Commissioner Gordon, use the Bat Phone!”
[Laughs] Yes, exactly. This is a big part of it. People like to see the authorities being baffled. In particular, the police is no longer seen as this once revered and impenetrable institution of good. This might be a way for the people to defy and make fun of these institutions. It is a rebellion, in a certain way. Like the court jester that can make fun of the king.

In your documentary Killer Legends you explored this evil clown trope. What can you tell us about your findings?
What we tried to do is look at the true crimes that may have inspired modern day urban legends: You need some sort of truth for the urban legend to feel real. Typically this is an unsolved or mysterious case with unanswered questions. We live in a culture where you can no longer just say “a friend told me” or “I heard this from somebody.” You need actual evidence. This can be anything, like a doctored picture. We’re in an age where our urban legends need more proof to exist.

The internet is also the reason that this is developing into a global phenomenon.
Yes, of course. The internet plays an important part in this. I call it the digital campfire. It’s ironic, because everybody believed that the internet would somehow help to eliminate this bullshit. But no: It only created more. But it’s not only the technology, it also has to do with the fear I discussed. In many ways, the situation in Europe is similar to that in the U.S.: Europe is experiencing the Brexit, which is also challenging the current political institutions. And, last but not least, this has to do with human nature: We want to believe these creepy urban legends.

How did you get the idea to explore the clown phenomenon? 
I am interested in the dissemination of urban legends and the extension of folklore, that is, the acting out of these tales in real life. That idea fascinates me and I believe that we will see more of this behaviour — not limited to clowns! Who knows what may come next?

This post first appeared on HuffPost Germany. It has been translated into English and edited for clarity.


Two youths wearing clown masks attempted to scare a pair of joggers in Pennsylvania, only to run away when one of the runners acted like he would attack them.
York City School District Police Chief Mike Muldrow was jogging with his friend Benton Jackson on Wednesday evening when two teens wearing clown masks appeared behind them.
"There were two young guys, 12 or 13 years old. They both had clown masks on," Muldrow told the York Dispatch. "One had a real big stick."
The young clowns ran away after Muldrow said, "Let's do it," and took a swing in their direction, he said.
"I think they probably wanted to see if they could scare us," Muldrow said.
Although their prank didn't work on the police chief, Muldrow warned that nationwide clown sightings could end with bad results if kids aren't careful.
"There's a lot of armed adults," he said. "You could run up on the wrong person."A clown craze has spread across the U.S. this year, culminating in dozens of reports of scary clown sightings.
Listen, punks. You think you can slap on some makeup, pick up an ax and take down a profession? You think one rubber nose and a few prank phone calls can co-opt an art form? You think malice can triumph over joy in these colossal clown wars?

Bobo don’t think so.

Sure, you’ve had your little fun — scampering across social media, delighting local news producers with reports of scary clowns threatening schools and targeting children. But on Tuesday, Halloween will be over and you’ll probably crawl back into your shadowy bunkers and 11th-grade math classes. And then the real clowns will reclaim their place of honor, making fart jokes and balloon animals.

[Scary clown rumors, threats feed hysteria, lead to school lockdowns, arrests]

But first, a quibble from the clown community.

“The thing that upsets most of us the most is that people call those other folks clowns,” says Greg May, owner of the Center Ring Circus School in Columbia, Md. “If someone put on a white lab coat and went out to scare people, they wouldn’t say doctors are in the woods scaring people. I’m a trained circus clown. This is what I’ve trained to do. People who put on that makeup to scare people are not any more of a clown than I am a doctor.”

May’s degree, incidentally, comes from the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Clown College. After graduating, he spent three years on tour, where he met his wife, who was one of the elephant riders. “Then we ran away from the circus to join a home,” he says.

Anyway, May says this whole creepy clown thing is nothing new. Professional clowns suffered a double whammy in the 1980s with the movies “Poltergeist” and Stephen King’s “It,” both of which featured deranged clowns. “And unfortunately,” he says, “that scary clown thing that started then has continued to build to where people hear the word ‘clown’ now, that’s all they associate.”

For the record, King told Twitter followers last month to “cool the clown hysteria.” But by then, the damage was done, with a few scary sightings sparking numerous copycats, hordes of hoaxes and a tsunami-sized overreaction. Don’t even get May started on elementary schools banning clown costumes on Halloween. This development alone could fill a river with rainbow-colored clown tears.

The perpetuation of scary clowns “just pollutes everything that we try to do,” May says — to the degree that many clowns don’t even use the word to describe themselves anymore. “They’ll just say ‘circus artist’ or ‘new vaudeville entertainer,’ or ‘hire-a-juggler.’ Then they’ll go in and do the exact same funny shtick,” May says.

 
Mandy Dalton in her clown outfit. (Violetta Markelou)
Mandy Dalton isn’t giving up on the word “clown.” That’s who she is. “I’m a clown without my makeup on,” she says. “A clown is what you do and what you are. I can no more change it than change the freckles on my face.”

Dalton, of Kensington, Md., has been a clown since the early 1980s. She spends three days a month at local children’s hospitals, helping very sick kids and their very worried parents smile for a few minutes. That’s why these ghoulish clown impersonators bother her so much.

“It’s another attempt to ruin something beautiful and innocent and lovely,” she says. “We do a lot of looking at each other in this society as ‘that group over there versus this group over there.’ What clowns are about is, ‘It’s us as human beings. We’re all the same, and believe it or not, there are some things we will all laugh at.’ ”

It’s been a rough stretch for Dalton. Business is down because people haven’t been so quick to hire professional clowns for birthday parties and community events. And at the public appearances she has made, “I’ve had some people get really aggressive with me,” she says. “That has been frightening.” She doesn’t want to say more out of fear of provoking an unhinged clown hater.

So this week, Dalton is shipping off to Europe for a six-week “mental hygiene break.” She’s hoping that by the time she gets back, the fear will have passed and the fun can resume. “I’m just out here trying to make people laugh,” she says. Joseph Fera, a.k.a. Chuckles the Clown, is sure that will be the case. He’s been at this for 25 years and says clown hysteria is cyclical, although this cycle seems more heightened than others. He has two clown mentors in North Carolina who are considering giving up the business because of all the negativity. But Chuckles isn’t hanging up his hat.

“For professional clowns, it’s sad because it puts us in a bad light,” says Fera, of Poolesville, Md. “But I think it’s just going to be a phase. I would imagine after Halloween it will die down.”

You hear that, kids? Scram.

It’s time to let the pros get back to business. Chuckles would like to start.

“Let me leave you with one clown joke,” he says. “You know why cannibals don’t eat clowns? Cause they’re afraid they’ll taste funny.”
Spooked Floridians say they are arming themselves against the threat of creepy clowns this Halloween.

According to media reports, some residents in Brevard County plan to carry guns and other weapons while trick-or-treating on Monday night as protection against the kind of “creepy” or “killer clown” attacks and sightings that have swept the nation in recent months.

“I’ll be carrying for sure, I’m not leaving to chance,” Kimberly Kersey, who planned to take her children trick-or-treating in Palm Bay, told Florida Today. “I’m terrified of clowns already and if one messes with me or my kids it’ll be to the hospital or morgue they go.”

Pam Metz, of Titusville, said she will be “carrying around a bat on Halloween night.”

Earlier this month, Palm Bay Police used Facebook to urge citizens not to dress up as clowns and scare people.


Lt. Mike Banish repeated that warning this week, cautioning that clown attack victims could think they were being robbed and that there was a very real possibility of “someone getting shot.”

Creepy clown reports first surfaced in August, when people dressed as a sinister version of the slapstick comic performers were allegedly attempting to entice young children into wooded areas in South Carolina. Since then, reports of clown attacks or sightings have spread to more than 20 states, AFP reported.

Authorities said many of these clown reports were later shown to be hoaxes or unverifiable.

Police chiefs across the country have spoken out against the craze, including Brian Lindquist of the Farmington Police Department in Minnesota, who issued a warning to a clown calling himself “Bobo”:


It later emerged that a child in the area had posed as “Bobo” to scare a friend.

Several creepy clowns have been arrested, including a man trespassing with a hatchet and a couple who left their 4-year-old daughter at home alone to go off haunting their town.

But Benjamin Radford, clown expert and author of Bad Clowns, recently told HuffPost there was usually “nothing to be worried about.”

“In terms of serious injuries or abductions or murders, that just hasn’t happened, period,” Radford said.
The creepy clown craze of 2016 began back in August when there was a reported sighting of clowns in the woods by a young boy in Greenville, South Carolina. Since that fateful day, clown sightings have spread outside the USA in a wave of contagion, and have become far more frequent and threatening. Just two weeks ago a man in Sweden was stabbed twice by someone in a clown mask.

While this is one of 2016’s most frightening epidemics, creepy clowns are nothing new. Although the exact origins are tough to trace, clown phobias, or coulrophobia, stretch back to the 19th century when they started cropping up in fiction and plays. However, the modern iteration of the evil clown as we known it stems from Stephen King’s 1986 novel, “It”. It’s probably not a coincidence that the book was released a few years after the arrest of the notorious serial killer John Wayne Gacy, who performed as a clown at children’s parties.

Since “It” and Gacy, killer clowns have invaded the public consciousness with plenty of movies, TV shows, and books to fuel our nightmares. Now, the nightmare has spread into real life and it doesn’t seem to be going away anytime soon.

We’ve got a rich history of scary-ass clowns, and Michael McCrudden breaks down in the video below.
So. I was wondering... What is a good weapon to scare away those annoying clowns? :D I saw these clowns and thought, I'm not going to be running away from them. Should I just get a knife? [–]Gooblygoo68 13 points 5 months ago 
I need to introduce you to two guys called Smith and Wesson
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]BenCoffee 6 points 5 months ago 
get a shotgun or a kangaroo
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Hacksorusss 4 points 5 months ago 
Get a gun
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Cheddarmelon 1 point 5 months ago 
This has been on my mind lately.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Waex 4 points 5 months ago 
Just saying using a weapon to threaten them is illegal as long as they are unarmed and nonviolent
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]nra092098 1 point 5 months ago 
In many states someone running at you is protected by the stand your ground law and you can shoot them
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Waex 1 point 5 months ago 
nonviolent
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]nra092098 1 point 5 months ago 
Running full speed at someone is threatening. After warning them you are clear to shoot them
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Waex 1 point 5 months ago 
Yes that is considered violent. That was not my point. I'm just talkin about the 99% of them who are just chillin
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]FujiThunder 1 point 5 months ago 
Which is dumb as fuck
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]jonkill12 3 points 5 months ago 
A bat is easier to use. If they have a knife and u have one, its a skill battle.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]That_Oregonian 3 points 5 months ago 
I prefer my girl Lucille, baseball bat wrapped with barbed wire :P
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]ChronicxCough 2 points 5 months ago 
Bear Mace.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]matt4it 1 point 5 months ago 
Canes are great. Especially with hidden blades.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]cfdeveloper 1 point 5 months ago 
I would get a VW Bug... Then you can hold a dozen or so clowns and not feel guilty about killing a bunch of clowns.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]ANAL-BEAD-CHAINSAW 1 point 4 months ago 
Lol you people are fucking pussies. The clown thing is hilarious and nobody is getting hurt. Just a little scary. Boo fucking hoo
hey,i'm Maki one of the owners of this account. me and a few other friends of mine recently learned that there were clown sightings in our country and are currently preparing for a clown hunting. any advice on what to bring in case we actually encounter a creepy clown? Weralee138 5 points 5 months ago 
Condoms
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]a0x129 2 points 5 months ago 
And a bicycle horn?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Chocolate_Lovers[S] 2 points 4 months ago 
thanks for the advice on what to bring(except those who said to bring lubricant and condoms. wtf are we supposed to do with those? XD)
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]fisher_king_toronto 1 point 5 months ago 
Bullet proof vests, anti-clown net, beating sticks, condoms, lubricant.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]fisher_king_toronto 1 point 5 months ago 
Also bring a curing kit if you want to skin the clown and keep the pelt as a trophy to hang up on your wall.
If you have a clown hunting permit, you'll be allowed to hunt clowns younger then 18 years of age. If not, you're only allowed to hunt clowns that're clearly over the age of majority.
If you choose to collect clown pelts, there's a current limit of half a dozen per hunt.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]dauntlessdank 1 point 5 months ago 
Bear mace, just in case your firearm malfunctions.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]KingWeweweeb 1 point 4 months ago 
Tasers! They're extremely cheap on amazon, only $10 dollars!
This is a follow-up to a previous story that I had made titled a creepy clown tried to kill me and my best friend.
I will call the clown Ronald Ronald was just released out of jail about two weeks ago after he was caught trying to kill my best friend Henry. They said that he was on probation and that they'd keep an eye on him(but apparently they didn't do a good enough job of that). I was at my house just eating chips and watching tv when Henry called me and gave me the big news. Dude you seriously better lock all of those fucking doors(no windows in the house oddly for some reason: he moved into his aunts place). Yeah, he said. I don't think I have to worry since I moved. But not me though I haven't moved at all I'd still lived with my parents in their basement. The only place that the clown knew where we'd been was at Henry's old house when he lived with his now dead parents. I told Henry ironically that the clown had been released while I would be having a party the next day. Henry said I don't know dude what if somehow just somehow it happens again. It was a one time thing dude! Besides he doesn't fucking know where I live, he will never know! Ok fine but this is the last time I'm having a party until the clown thing blows over or until that bastard is in a grave where he belongs. Wow dude you ARE serious, I said. Of course I'm fucking serious dude my fucking parents are dead! We will be having the party at my friend Kevin's house. A little bit later after the clown incident that we had we got into a murderous scam on eBay(so that guy got released too- he never died even though he got shot several times). Okay dude what time is this party, asked Henry. Don't worry about it I said- I'll pick you up and bring you there. On the way to the party we passed the police station. Oh my fucking God no fucking way step on that fucking gas pedal and lets get the fuck out of here, yelled Henry. Why, I said. Holy shit, I yelled as I stepped on the gas. Why the FUCK is he just standing there(I don't think we should have a party tonight dude he could follow us said Henry). He did it once before and got into huge trouble for it, why in gods name would he do it again! Because he's a fucking psychopath that's why dammit, yelled Henry. Relax dude. Relax, said Henry in a tone. We arrived at Kevin's house and made our way upsairs. Weird huh, Henry said. We must be early. I doubt it dude this is the exact time that it was supposed to start. I'm out dude I'm out. Just as Henry was walking away a trap door alarm system below him opened and he fell down inside. Shit, Henry yelled! Are you alright. Oh yeah dude I'm just fine, fucking fell down in a hole and now I'm in the dark surrounded by party guests and clowns, yeah I'm fine. The fuck, I replied. Oh god no no no no no no no no! There was a group of those fuckers. I told you that I would find you, said a voice-Ronald McDonald. I told you that I would find both of you and look where we are huh. (Clown laughter is heard from the basement) Is Kevin down there, I said curiously? Yeah I'm down here. What the fuck is going on? Is this a surprise party? Shut the hell up it wasn't supposed to go down this way man. I don't know what to do. I will let them go if you sacrifice yourself, said Ronald. Don't do it said Henry and Kevin! Ronald you coward I said. Oh so you came up with a name for me now huh. You know I actually used to work at McDonalds ironically, said the clown. I know you did dude don't think I fucking remember you from high school "Alex"?! Ohhhhh, so you do remember? Yeah of course I do, but now you're just a sad psychopath that likes to kill and kidnap people huh? Oh you don't know how much fun it is(clown laughter). You can stop this right now all you have to do is let them go ok! Oh ok, I'll let them go- Fucking murder that son of a bitch, get him! I ran to the door to call the police. A squad will be there immediately. I hopped into my truck and drove around in circles as the group of them chased me. They were too fast, one of them was in my truck and held a gun up to my head. I lifted up my right foot and kicked the gun out of his hands opened my door and ran for my life. I hid in the bushes until the police showed up. Henry and Kevin were busy taking care of businness(getting as many of those bastards as they could). Ronald the leader of the clown pack made a run for it to the next town to the eBay scammers house. Weird I wondered why would he go to that guys house, I thought to myself. I stopped in front of that house and immediately ran the other way to the sound of gun fire in my direction. I couldn't believe it. They got Henry and Kevin and fled just as the police started to chase them. I followed the vehicles that the clowns rode in as they drove towards the police station. The fuck, I said to myself? I tuned my radio to the police station. Why are they psychically and intentionally going to the police station? They shot up the place unlocked cells of former friends and TRIED TO get away but the second they opened those front doors they were greeted my military forces. Fuck, yelled one of the clowns. Ronald ran into the building trying to make a run for it. I took a side door in and dove onto him(stopping him). I was surprised that they all didn't try to make a run for it. It's like that they meant to get caught. In an instant they all ran into the station running from the police. The police followed them in, sending them back into their jail cells where they belong and 3 weeks from then they were all sent to prison. Ronald was the last person to pull out and as they opened his cage. Ronald asked them, are you ready. BOOM, Ronald cell blew open and ran for it basically fleeing the town. He was currently wanted in a large area around where the incident happened but we caught him at an old abandoned house where Ronald was originally born. Apparently he had committed suicide and ever since then. Me, Kevin, and Henry decided to become cops. Thanks for reading If you guys don't believe me these are true stories that happened to us. Or are they(meniacle laughter)
I don't know what I was thinking.

It seemed like an innocuous idea: find one of the clowns, corner it, and find out why they're doing all of this. I would become a media sensation! My findings might have led to blowing the entire clown sensation wide open! All because of my bravery.

I'd be a hero.

At first, my town seemed to be a sacred land that no clown dare touch. It was a god-fearing, blue collar town where everyone knew their neighbors and the postman could eat for an entire week thanks to the housewives and their generosity. There was one school, a Baptist-run institution that - surprisingly - focused more on education than religion. Everyone who has ever lived in the town went to that school, just like everyone here got their first job at the window factory. It was simply how things were. Some call it trite. We called it home.

Sure, there was crime. One time, for example, the little Daxterly's oldest boy lashed out and broke three windows at the church. It was all over the news and the papers. People would gossip, of course. However, no one chastised him for his actions. Instead, everyone was supportive and got him the help he needed. I'm not trying to brag, this was just a genuinely pleasant and nurturing community.

When the news broke that a clown was seen sitting on the steps of the school the other night it sent a ripple throughout the calm town.

Everyone had been following the stories, yet no one was concerned of seeing them here. Why would we be? We all knew it was a prank - albeit a stupid one - that would fade away into obscurity. It was chalked up to the Daxterly boy lashing out again...until the next sighting.

And the next.

Then another.

Then two clowns together.

It wasn't until a dog was found mutilated in the middle of the town centre that the population collectively began to panic. Curfews were enforced. Shops closed early. School and church service was reduced to twice a week. Had someone passed through after dusk they would have found a ghost town. Fear was running the town now.

I wanted it to stop.

My plan was simple. Every night since the first incident, the clowns have been seen on the school grounds or the church grounds. All I would need to do is stay out of sight of the sheriff while I waited to see a clown. Then, simply run up on it and find out what the hell they're in the town for. Easy.

Darkness had finally fallen the night I made the decision to act. I've never believed in guns, nor taking a weapon to an unarmed fight...but I have to admit, the hysteria was beginning to grate on me at that point. I went out with a wooden Louisville Slugger and a flashlight.

It was slightly after 10pm, and most of the residents were already sleeping in hopes of seeing daylight sooner. That made it easy for me to avoid the sheriff as I was able to cut through backyards and hide in driveways when the patrol cars got too close. This was a small town. On a regular night I could walk to the school in less than ten minutes, but law enforcement wasn't taking any chances. It took me almost an hour to reach the school, and when I did I was upset to see nothing waiting for me. Nothing.

I posted up in a nearby tree that had a clear view of the front of the building and got comfortable. Something in my gut told me I was going to have a long wait ahead of me. I wish I could say that a few hours into my shift a clown came and I was able to get my answers. I really do...but I fell asleep.

I woke up on the lawn under the tree to blinding daylight and a gun in my face.

The officer was stern and visibly shaken, but nice enough to me. At the station he gave me coffee and a nice selection of pastries and fruits to choose from for breakfast. In other cities this might be seen as them buttering up a suspect to get them to talk, but not here. This was southern hospitality at it's finest.

We talked for a while about everything going on with the clown situation. The conversation wasn't focused on my actions like I had expected. The officer was more interested in what my thoughts were on how to deal with this clown situation that was currently paralyzing the town. I think he saw my actions as more brave than incriminating - like I wanted. I could still be a hero.

After a couple of hours, we came to an agreement on the situation. The sheriff's office would turn a blind eye to any investigations I wanted to conduct alone - even after hours. However, any criminal activity would be penalized to the fullest extent...especially assault. He made it very clear that no matter who was behind this, I wasn't allowed to touch a single hair on their head. It was a reasonable compromise.

That night, I returned to my post. It was a lot easier without having to stay out of sight. A simple nod of acknowledgement was the only exchange I had with the officers patrolling the streets. When I made it to the school I found no signs of life yet again. I climbed the tree, and settled in for a long night.

About two hours into my wait I still hadn't seen any signs of a clown. My eyes were getting heavier by the minute so I made the decision to inspect the grounds and see if I could discover anything indicating a clown might be in the area.

When I jumped to the ground from the lowest branch , I was greeted by a tall figure wearing a bright, shiny blue body suit that was bedazzled with buttons and patterns. I'd be lying if I said I didn't fall back against the tree, gasping for air. All confidence left my body as my eyes met it's face. I had been expecting a poor silicon mask, not a white human face with red lips and blue hair staring back at me. The lack of a red nose unsettled me as well. This wasn't the clown I was prepared for.

I couldn't move. My body had shut down on me when I needed it most. The clown didn't move - didn't even blink. It just stared at me deeply with bright green eyes and a smile that was permanently affixed on it's face. A stand off.

After a few more minutes, the clown reached one of its white gloved hands out to me. I looked to it's hand, and then back to those oddly bright eyes without budging and inch. Nothing about the clown had changed aside from it's arm. The clown still didn't blink. It still had that fucking smile. It nodded a couple of times towards it's hand like it wanted me to grab it. I was confused, but with the hope of humanity being behind the costume, I reached out to shake the outstretched hand. Before I was able to fully lock palms with the clown, I was met with a light shock that radiated up my forearm. I screamed. The clown arched it's head back, grabbed it's belly, and laughed at me. It sounded like there was a broken squeaky toy lodged in it's throat.

The electric jolt must have been enough to revitalize my body, as I jumped up and shoved the clown away from me as hard as I could. It fell back in an exaggerated manner, flailing it's large white shoes up and sliding on it's rear end across the grass. After a brief pause and a look of disbelief, the clown began to silently cry while rotating it's fists under it's squinting eyes and stopping it's heels into the ground.

I was annoyed with the dramatics and started yelling at the it. Nothing remotely coherent came from my mouth - just a smorgasbord of profanities and blame. Once I relieved my pent up frustrations, the clown stopped pouting and began it's squeaky laugh again, but this time it was accompanied by another noise. A louder noise that wasn't coming from it's mouth. The air around me was overtaken by a sound that was similar to a million cicadas clicking in a deep whisper. I couldn't hear the clown in front of me any longer. Everything was this overtaken by whatever was making this background noise. I fell back again, grasping my head in pain and attempting to cover my ears.

Bang

My heart stopped. I looked up and the clown in front of me was now a Rorschach painting across the grass. My interrogating officer was standing next to me with a shotgun. "Run!" He yelled at me as he grabbed my arm and yanked me to my feet. Surrounding the entire were clowns of all shapes and sizes, walking towards us with their mouths wide open, slightly facing the ground. We barely made it to the station, circumnavigating all the clowns that overtook the streets.

It's been thirty-eight days since that incident.

We've been barricaded in the station, taking rotating shifts in the camera room. The clowns...they've taken on our everyday lives. We watch them go shopping, walk dogs, go to school and work. It's like they're trying to replace us.

The only peculiar thing they do is surround the station at night and laugh in unison. All night, until the sun rises. Then they continue on like nothing happened. We've got full utility access here, and have been keeping up on the news. We know it's spreading. I fear that my actions that night may have caused them to resent humans. I wanted to be the hero, but I can't find a way to stop this. Greenville is gone. Don't let the media fool you - stay away from here.

More importantly, don't go near the clowns.
This happened a few days ago when I went to a fair that came to my town. I have alot of friends so I went with them. I'm a young teenager to protect my age. The fair was OK but at 9.45 me and my friend who I will call Jake was walking out of the fair.
As we were waiting for our parents we heard a noise. It was fairly dark but there was lights so it was OK. Suddenly a man came out from the carpark and told us run. When we look behind us we saw a man in a clown mask. We weren't scared until we saw a FUCKING KNIFE IN HIS HAND. We ran and wen we realised he was chasing us we ran like mad down the street.
The clown was still chasing us no matter where we went. This is when hide and seek began. We hid in a bush but our luck wasn't great and he followed us in the bushes. He searched around and at 1 point I could almost feel him. It was dark so he couldn't see us. He left the bush and continued searching else where.
We ran pack to the car park and our parents were just there. We didn't tell them but probably should have. I said goodbye to Jake and went home. I went home to and went OK. I don't know what that clowns intentions were or if it was a prank but man in the clown mask let's not meet.
Ain't Clowning Around
anipwrites

Summary:

Nathanael Kurtzberg is gifted with unimaginable powers, just in time to help Ladybug and Chat Noir with the newest akuma; an elusive clown who's kidnapping children.
Notes:

Welcome to my story! I hope you guys like it! I know there's a ton of Miraculous!Nathanael stories out there, so I really appreciate you dropping by to check out this one!
This story is beta'ed by @flautist4ever. Check out flautist4ever.tumblr.com if you get the chance!
(See the end of the work for more notes.)

Chapter 1: Prologue

Summary:

Ramone, a for-hire clown down on his luck, is akumatized.
Notes:

Welcome to my story! Thanks for reading!
This chapter's pretty short, but don't worry; all the upcoming chapters will be longer!
Edit: with some help from my beta flautist4ever
, I extended the prologue a bit! New chapters will come eventually, but I'm working on several things at once, which obviously takes time!
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text

He really hated this job. He never wanted this job in the first place, why the hell was he doing this?! He looked ridiculous. Which, hypothetically, was his job, look ridiculous and make people laugh.

Problem was, he wasn’t a very funny guy.

But whatever. The job payed, so he took it. Which is why he was standing at the front door to some dumb house dressed up in full clown costume. He’d never been in this section of Paris before, it was more on the outskirts if anything. But he could tell he was at the right house by the ridiculous amount of balloons tied to anything and everything. The client still hadn’t freakin’ answered yet, so he knocked for the fourth time. His hands balled into fists and he hopped up and down, psyching himself up.

‘Alright, Ramone, you got this. All you gotta do is impress a few dumb kids and you’re home free with cash in your pocket and--I forgot the nose again, didn’t I.’ God, he hated that dumb clown nose, but it was part of the costume. He fished in his pocket and found the damn thing and put it on his nose. It was a bit hard to breathe, but it would all be worth it once he got paid.

The door opened and he found a woman standing there. He could already hear the ear-shattering shrieks of six year olds when she cracked open the door. She looked him over and scowled.

“Are you the clown?” she scoffed with a roll of her eyes but let him in anyways. He stepped inside and found exactly what he was expecting; a bunch of running, screaming six year olds charging into everything and destroying the house with party hats on. With a sigh, Ramone let the lady--probably the lead mom of this wreck--lead him to the living room before calling all the kids up.

And that’s when he panicked. Just because a few pals of him thought he was hilarious when a few beers had been passed around didn’t mean he could entertain a buncha kids. He’d made a huge mistake. He’d just have to improvise.

Lead mom turned to one of her friends--a subordinate mom?--and said “I’m going to the bathroom, and then I’m gonna make sure the blowups are setting up properly. Keep an eye on this clown.” wow. Was that supposed to be a reference to his current job or to his character? He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to be offended or not.

“Sure thing, Helena.” the woman turned to him once her friend left and raised an eyebrow before sitting down on the couch with a few of the other moms. Guess that was his cue to start.

He cleared his throat before starting with his best goofy voice. “Ahyuck, hiya kids, I’m Happy the Clown! Who’s the lucky kiddo, who’s the birthday kiddo?!”

The kids all kind of just stared up at him in shock before

one of the brats scoffed and raised his hand. A few of his friends snickered.

“Check this out! Look at this coin here!” he held up a glistening Euro for the entire crowd to see. No one looked particularly impressed by it, but he hadn’t done the trick yet. He pretended to move the coin into his left hand, but in reality snuck it down his shirt sleeve. “And now, I’m gonna--”

“You’re gonna pretend you found a quarter behind my ear, right?”

“Aye, shaddup, lemme finish!”

“Excuse me, sir?!” Subordinate Mom muttered. He couldn’t help but wince. Okay, so back-talking the kids seemed against the rules. He blew into his clenched fist and revealed it was empty. No one was very impressed.

Things took a bad turn when he went over to pretend to find the Euro behind the kid’s ear. All his little gags and tricks fell out of his sleeve--about ten Euros, a deck of cards, a pair of die, a pack of cigarettes, you name it, it probably fell on the kid’s lap. His friends laughed. At least he was getting laughs…?

“Alrighty, kiddos, wanna hear some jokes?” he got no response from anyone. He’d gone back to his goofy dumbass clown voice and everything, and he got nothing. He saw one of the moms on the phone with someone in the kitchen, hopefully not with the company he was working for at the moment. Geez, he really needed to recover from this. “Why did the chicken cross the road?” silence again.

“Why?” one of the kids finally said.

“Because…” fuck. How did he usually end this joke? Oh, right! “Because it was a suicidal chicken!” no laughs. The moms on the couch scowled, and the one in the kitchen continued fussing into the phone about his performance. If he was lucky, it was just some friend of hers, and the conversation would simply make it harder to get hired out and not result in him getting fired entirely. “Alright, alright, alright, here’s a better one! Why was the little girl sad?”

“Why?” the same kid said, snickering.

“Cuz her friends and family died!” no laughs. A girl raised her hand.

“What is ‘died’?” she asked.

“Well, ahyuck, you see, kids, death is basically--”

“Ex cuse me, sir?!” the mom snapped, covering the mouthpiece of her phone to send him a glare. Subordinate Mom sent a text, probably out to Leader Mom. Okay, fatalistic humor--good for buds at the bar, bad for six year olds. What did six year olds even like these days??

“You kids want some balloon animals?” that elicited a few excited cheers from a few of the kids on the younger side, which  was good enough for him.

“I want a snake!” one of the girls shouted. Alright, great, snakes were easy enough, right? Just a straight--

“No, no, sweetie, why not get something else, like a poodle or a princess, or a--” one of the moms began to suggest.

“But, mommy! I want a snake!” the little girl began to wail. Well, he wasn’t going to get in the middle of that mess. A snake was easier anyways.

Ramone reached into front pocket to get the balloons and ended up dumping half his balloons, a few whistles and other toys, and… was that an old condom? The kids were laughing. He quickly swiped out the contents of the pocket before finding a green balloon and beginning to blow it up. He just had to get enough air in it, not too much--what was too much for these things again--

The balloon popped in his face, sending the little girl crying and running back to her mother. The rest of the kids were startled before they began to laugh as well--whether at him or at her, he wasn’t quite sure and didn’t quite care. He was getting laughs. He could manage this. Just… just another hour of this. Shit.

“Okay, uh… check this out, kids!” he reached into his back pocket and pulled out a string of hankies all tied together. He managed to pull out three before it came loose, and he had to reach back for the rest. Hankies four through nine were okay, even if the sixth had a weird stain on it.

Hankie number ten had a cockroach in it.

The little girl who had asked about death and her friends all screamed first. Next thing he knew, the huge pest was skittering towards the couch--and therefore them--and the pack of brats were all running away with a scream as far away from him as they could. No no no, they couldn’t run away, or he wouldn’t get paid, he needed that money!

“Hey! You little brats get back here before I knock your teeth out with a baseball bat, huh?!” he shouted, a hand balling up into a fist as he shook it in front of him.

“That’ll be quite enough, sir, now get out of my house!” uh oh. Leader Mom was coming in from outside, and she looked pissed. Yeah, he had messed up a bit with threatening the annoying twerps, but give him another chance, man! The woman forced him out of the door and off the porch before storming up to to her door again.

“Hey, wait, ain’t ya gonna pay me?!” he shouted after her, only to have the door slammed in his face. It was drizzling outside, and she had pushed him into a puddle in the sidewalk. Well, dammit, he didn’t need to work for some prick and her loud-ass kids anyways! With a grumble, he picked himself up off the sidewalk and walked off. The white paint was melting off his face and dripping onto his costume. He was tempted to wipe it all off on his sleeve, but knew he’d might have to break out the stupid costume again and service some more dumb kids. Plus, this thing was a rental.

The rain started coming down harder. Fuck, he didn’t have his fucking car anymore. Today was the absolute worst, could it possibly get any worse--what the fuck was that black butterfly doing flying at him--

A purple haze overtook his vision when the butterfly seemed to just disappear into that dumb-ass clown nose, and he heard a voice.

“Night Jester, I am Hawkmoth. The people of Paris don’t appreciate your skills, but I do. Not everyone appreciates clowns like we do. Let’s show them how? I can help you get your revenge on all of those kids; all you have to do is retrieve a few items for me.” a dark voice said. A grin stretched across his face at the thought of getting revenge on those twerps.

“Yeah, sure, show me what you got, Hawkmoth.” he was ready for anything this guy threw at him. Grab some dumb pieces of jewelry and get powers? If that wasn’t a good deal, then what was?!

The Night Jester was gonna get these Miraculouses. And nothing was gonna get in his way.

Notes:

The next chapter or two will be up soon! Thanks for reading this far!
Chapter 2: Chapter 1

Summary:

Chloe is rude as hell, Nathanael runs into a clown, some old guy is about to die.
Notes:

Welcome back! Thanks so much for reading this far, I really appreciate it!
This chapter is also kind of short, but I think I'll leave it here for the day. I want to get a bit further in the writing ahead of here before I post the other chapters I have written.
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text

Honestly? He should have been expecting it.

When was Chloe not teasing him? In fact, when was Chloe not teasing anyone? But it appeared that this week, he was the main target of Chloe and Sabrina’s torments. And they seemed to be fascinated with fruits and vegetables this week.

“Hey, Tomato Face!” Chloe shouted, slamming a hand on his desk and disrupting him from his drawing. Nathanael let out a sigh and looked up, his desk partner Lila looking just as irritated. Before he could stop her, the blonde snatched up the drawing he was working on and turned it over to look at it. “What are you drawing? More dumb pictures of Marinette? Remember what happened last time you drew Marinette?”

Nathanael had to fight to keep his rage from boiling over. Yes, Chloe, he did remember what had happened the last time he had drawn Marinette. And that picture wasn’t even of Marinette, was she blind, it was clearly of Ladybug! Ugh, this wasn’t the first time Chloe had called him out this week, but it was the first time the entire class had turned to look at him. He could feel their eyes boring through his skull, burning with curious intensity as they watched the interaction. Dammit, Chloe!

“What’s the matter, Carrot head? Too ashamed to admit it?” Sabrina taunted. That’s it.

“Okay, no, I’m not too ashamed to admit it, there’s nothing to admit. I was simply waiting for you two to realize that the drawing you’re holding isn’t even of Marinette, it’s Ladybug, they’re two completely different people. Or are you blind, miss Bourgeois?”

Nathanael heard Kim let out a long ‘oooh’, and a few people’s hands flew to their mouths to prevent themselves from doing the same. Chloe and Sabrina took another look at the picture and their eyes widened when they realized that it was Ladybug, hero of Paris, and not Marinette, hero of his heart. Then Chloe turned red. Was it embarrassment? Fury? The world may never know--

“Well, it wasn’t any good anyways, no wonder you couldn’t tell!” she scoffed as she tore the paper in half, then in half again. Nathanael couldn’t help but wince with each slow, torturous rip, as if it were ripping into his soul. He had worked so hard on that sketch, he was going to actually color that one, but now all of his efforts were for naught.

“Hey!” he barely noticed when Lila stood up and snatched the paper from Chloe. “Leave him alone! What did he ever do to you?!”

Chloe let out a laugh. “Well, little miss liar, since you’re new here, you don’t know that this creeper broke into my room in the middle of the night and tried to torture me!”

“What?” Lila turned to the redhead behind her, an eyebrow raised. Nathanael felt his cheeks heating up with embarrassment. Yes, it was true, but not in the way Chloe was implying it to be!

“I-I… I… it wasn’t me. I mean, it was me, but I wasn’t… myself. I was the Evillustrator, I was akumatized by Hawkmoth, I would have never done such a thing of my own volition!” Lila looked sympathetic. Everyone knew she had been akumatized a few weeks ago, and everyone also knew she was still pretty bitter with Ladybug. But she was more than capable of sympathizing with akumatization.

“Oh yeah?! Then, why do you remember everything you did so well?!” Nathanael couldn’t hide his wince. Everyone else in class got awkward, more awkward than they were before, quickly averting their eyes. Most akuma victims could barely remember what they even looked like, felt like, or did when they were possessed. Nathanael was able to draw an entire comic relaying what happened, a full two weeks afterward. It was strange, it was weird, unusual, and perfect bait for Chloe to use against him. “The only reason he could possibly remember all of that is because he wanted to do it! You wanted to torture me!”

“No, I didn’t--”

“You wanted to force your dumb crush to go on a date with you!”

“I didn’t force--”

“You wanted to drown Marinette and Chat Noir!”

“Chloe--” Adrien began to oppose, but once Chloe was on a roll there was no stopping her.

“I swear, I--” Nathanael could feel the pressure in his chest rising as panic began to set in, his heart racing. No one would listen, no one believed him, everyone thought he was some kind of monster!

“And you wanted to work for Hawkmoth!”

“I didn’t, Chloe, I didn’t, please--!”

“Wanna know, Lila the Liar?” Chloe pushed Nathanael out of his seat and grabbed the sketchbook out of his hands, opening it so all the loose pages fell out. And right there, on the first page, was a drawing of the Evillustrator. “Read all about it!”

“No!” Nathanael jumped to his feet and managed to grab the book back, scooping all of the pages littering the floor into his hands, and ran for the door, to the shocked gasps of everyone. Nathanael Kurtzberg skipping school was unheard of. Sleeping in class? Sure. Drawing instead of taking notes? Always. Flat-out skipping? No way.

And it almost didn’t happen.

Right when Nathanael whipped open the door, Miss Bustier was about to come in. She stared, wide eyed, at the child about to leave.

“Nathanael, where are you going/?” she asked, concern etched across her face. Nathanael ducked his head, hugging his sketchbook protectively to his chest.

“Out,” he muttered.

“Out? Nathanael, class is about to start, you can’t just--”

“I can’t stay here!” the short artist forced his way out the door past Miss Bustier and raced down the steps, not even stopping when Mr. Haprele called out after him. Soon, the young boy was out the door and off like a rocket. Miss Bustier couldn’t bring herself to do anything but stare; she was wearing heels, so she couldn’t go after him very well anyways. She could deal with what caused such a reaction in the first place instead.

With a sigh, she crossed her arms and turned to look at her remaining students, almost all of who looked ashamed. Chloe and Sabrina did not, however, but she didn't want to assume they were always up to something. Sure, it was almost always them who were up to something, but no need to place the blame with no knowledge of what happened.

“Alright, class, does anyone want to explain to me what happened to nathanael?” she asked sternly. Before a full three seconds had even passed, each and every hand was pointing at Chloe and Sabrina, the former of whom let out an indignant ‘hey!’ before pouting. Caline Bustier couldn’t help but sigh. “Of course…”

Nathanael could run as far as he wanted. Hell, he could run all the way to his house, he could run all the way to the other side of Paris, all the way out of France if he wanted, but he could not hide from the problems burning at his head. He couldn’t stop the tears threatening to spill from his eyes, no matter how much he wanted to. Sure, the streets were near-empty of tourists and citizens right now, but it would still be utterly humiliating if he started to cry. To let himself succumb to Chloe’s taunts again, to admit that she was right, that everything she said was right…

Before he knew it, he found himself sitting on the edge of a fountain, the tears beginning to fall. He tried to fight them back, but the more he fought against them, the more that came rushing forth. So he just let it happen. He needed a good cry. He hadn’t let himself cry in a long time, he needed it now. With his book clutched tight to his chest, he let himself cry, wiping the tears away with a sleeve or the hem of his shirt when they got to be a bit too much.

How long had he sat there crying? Five minutes? Ten? Thirty? Had anyone seen him? It didn’t matter to him anymore. He was satisfied. He had let everything loose in a way that drawings and paintings simply could not do. The purest form of emotional release was crying. Art was a close second, but still a synthetic relief compared to a good cry. Or at least, that’s how he reasoned it to himself. Dead god, if any of the boys at school saw him crying, it’d be all over for him...

What now? He definitely wasn’t going back to school. Not with the twosome of terror hounding him at all opportunities. He stood, and with a final sigh and a wipe of his eyes, he walked away from the fountain.

He played with a pencil in his hand as he ventured down the sidewalk. The very same pencil that had, not but a month or two before, held a dangerous and powerful akuma. Why hadn’t he thrown it away? Well, he didn’t exactly have enough money to be tossing away perfectly good pencils. What could a student do at 9 in the morning in Paris without getting caught by the police? Nathanael Kurtzberg simply didn’t have a clue what. Perhaps the Eiffel Tower? No, no, it cost money to go up there… so the Jardins du trocadero. It was his favorite place to hang out after school; it couldn't be too bad during school hours, right?

Nothing interesting happened as he walked down the street, headed to the garden. Of course, he wasn’t expecting anything interesting to happen either. Sure, sometimes tourists got a bit wacky, but no mischief more common in other cities ever seemed to happen anymore. Crime was way down, now that Ladybug and Chat Noir were here. The police were great, but muggers seemed to fear the red yoyo and silver staff of Paris’ heroes more. Not that he was complaining.

At the Jardins, however, was a different story. The Jardins were his garden of inspiration, quite literally, and before he knew it he was drawing a picture. It was Ladybug and Chat Noir atop the Eiffel Tower, their usual hangout spot. They were the only ones allowed at it’s very peak, probably because they were the only ones capable of getting there. But the lines he drew began to feel unnatural and tense, instead of the soft delicate curves he was trying to go for. He felt a pressure building in the air around him, and suddenly he couldn’t focus on the drawing itself. He knew exactly what this was.

Someone was watching him draw.

Nathanael did not like having people watch him draw.

He whipped his head up, wondering who the hell could possibly be so interested in him to stare at him for so long. Tourists? Maybe. Cops? Hopefully not.

He was not expecting a clown. But a clown was what he got.

The sight of this clown almost made his heart stop, and his blood ran cold. He--it certainly seemed like a he--had wild red hair whipped about in an almost Albert-Einstein like fashion, but with a few patches missing. He had a masque of white makeup on his face, only interrupted by the black rings around his eyes, a round clown nose, and the big, grinning red lips on his face. His outfit was black with white stripes, and a few suspicious-looking red stains on it. And he was holding balloons.

Now, Nathanael had always been a bit afraid of clowns. ‘A bit’ was an understatement, he hated and feared clowns with a passion. Any other time, he probably would have gone running the other way. But yet… even as this creepy clown smiled a big, yellow-toothed smile… he felt the urge to come closer, and closer… As the clown’s hand went up to their nose, Nathanael didn’t even feel himself standing up. The sound of his sketchbook falling to the grass below was unimportant. All he wanted to do was come closer… closer… yet closer…

“Hey, man, look out!” Nathanael blinked and jumped back as a biker whizzed past, falling back into a sitting position as he and the bike barely avoided each other. His tailbone hurt as he hit the asphalt of the track hard and--

Asphalt? Wasn’t he just sitting on the bench over there? And what was his sketchbook doing on the ground, his drawings were going to get messed up! He rushed back to the fallen book and found that luckily, it hadn’t taken any damage. But, why would he have just left his book on the ground and gone to the bike track for no reason--

Clown.

He choked down a gasp in his throat as he looked back up at where the clown was before, only to find it gone. It was like the guy had disappeared into thin air. Nathanael felt his heart begin to pound in his chest, the feeling of cotton in his throat as he struggled to even out his suddenly-quickened breathing. He did not feel safe here anymore, so he booked it.

Another glance down at his phone. 9:30. At 9:25, he had gotten a text from Rose. How did he not feel his phone buzz? Oh well. Might as well read it.

Rose: [Chloe and Sabrina got chewed out by Ms. Bustier and sent to the Principal’s office. Are you going to come back to school? We’re super worried.]

Come back to school? No way. Nathanael let out a huff and sped up his walking. He had already committed himself to skipping the entire day. He’d come back tomorrow, but not today. He quickly expressed his sentiments in a text before shoving the phone back in his pocket. Now what would he do with his time?

He looked at the streets around him, trying to decide if there was anything he wanted to do in particular. He had missed breakfast this morning… maybe he could go to a cafe…

Then he heard a shriek, and turned to find a falling brick from a construction site, right above an old man.

Notes:

Thanks for reading! Feel free to send kudos, or comment! I also appreciate helpful critiques!
Have a nice day!
Chapter 3: Chapter 2

Summary:

Nathanael's a hero now, but he wakes up in some weird medicine shack with the old man he just saved. A really nosy old man. After talking to him, he grabs a bite at a cafe and runs into another clown. The same clown? He doesn't care.
Notes:

Okay so I know these last few chapters have been updating pretty fast but I'm going to tell you right here and right now there is no way this thing is going to have a regular updating schedule. Do not be mistaken; I had the prologue all the way up to chapter 3 written before I even considered publishing, and I got stuck for half a month on chapter 3 anyways. I'll update as quickly as I can, but this will not update regularly.
On a better note, across the two sites I've posted this on, I've gotten a lot of positive feedback on the story so far and it makes me so happy! Thanks so much, everyone!
I hope you enjoy this chapter!
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text

Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion as he watched the brick fall through the air. Poor old man needed a cane to walk, there was no way he’d dodge it in time, and that’s if he even got the chance to see it coming for him. There were five, maybe ten people around, but they could do nothing but watch. It was as if they were frozen to the spot, desperately hoping someone would have the courage to step in and help him, to stop the death they were all sure they were about to witness.

Nathanael’s knees shook as he watched the brick fall closer and closer, plummeting dangerously. He was scared out of his mind, please someone move. But the only movement was a mother covering her young son’s eyes as he clung to her. Was no one going to help him?

He felt a sharp burning seize his chest and his heart beat fast with adrenaline. He wasn't going to let this happen if he could stop it. Nathanael Kurtzberg was not going to be to blame for some poor old man dying from a construction accident. He was there, he could do something, so he would. Or at least try his best. His grip against his sketchbook shifted into a one-handed gasp as he rushed forwards. He wasn’t aware of the fact that he was shouting for the man to ‘look out’, was barely aware of the fact that he was actually doing this until he grabbed the old man and pushed him aside, away from the path of the falling brick.

Lightning danced in his head as the brick fell on his shoulder and scraped against his arm, shocking everything into real time. The shocked gasps of the crowd reached his ears the same moment he processed the old man’s own grip on his sleeve. An iciness crawled up his arm, yet it stung hotly. He almost didn’t want to look. But he did.

The brick had torn right through his shirt sleeve, revealing for all the world to see his thin, pale arms. But the thing that was catching everyone’s attention was the long, jagged cut in it, open and bare and stinging every time the cold autumn breeze cut through the air. And his shoulder was bloody as well, the dark red substance seeping through his purple jacket and staining it. Just looking at it made the shock of adrenaline disappear and a chill go down his spine. He began to feel lightheaded at the sight of all the blood. All sound suddenly seemed to become muted, swimming around him but his brain just not being able to comprehend them.

He felt a tug on his arm as it was wrapped around someone’s shoulder, and before he knew it, he was being walked off. Honestly, yes, he should have been more concerned, being lead off by a stranger. But he wasn’t thinking straight. His head was throbbing from the pain, he couldn’t think. He let himself zone out as his legs carried him along.

Which is how he found himself face down on a mat with no idea where he was.

Reality and common sense shot through his veins and he quickly forced himself up, ignoring the searing pain in his left shoulder as he jumped to his feet and turned around. His pants were still on, but his jacket and shirt were on the floor. The air conditioning cooled the slick sweat rolling down his back as he looked around for any sign of who’s house this was and why he was in it.

“Ah, so you’re finally awake,” he whipped his head to see the old man he had saved earlier sitting on a little mat in front of a table, drinking tea from a little cup. Nathanael hesitated, raising an eyebrow.

“...What is going on?”

“Well, you saved me, but you were half-conscious after the brick hit you. I couldn’t just leave you on the road, young man, so I took you to my healing shop.”

“Healing… shop…?”

“Yes! Healing shop! I have elixirs and a few chants I can do, but I also have bandages and more traditional ointments. I figured you’d want to be awake for that, however, so I decided to let you rest. Would you like some tea?”

Fair enough. Nathanael did like tea, and he seemed like a nice guy. He’d never met anyone wearing a hawaiian shirt who was absolutely horrible. He let himself relax and walked over to join the old man at the table, who poured him some tea.

“What kind of tea is it?” he asked, even as he brought the cup to his lips.

“Green.”

“Oh! Do you have some honey I could borrow?” the man nudged a jar of honey over to him with a kind smile, and Nathanael added it into his tea. He smiled as he took a sip. Green tea with honey was one of his favorites, it always helped him when he needed inspiration for an art project, or--

“S-Sir, did you happen to grab my sketchbook, did I drop it?!” Nathanael began to panic. What if he had left it there?! What if some stranger saw it and saw his stupid drawings?! What if someone stole it?! What if one of Marinette’s parents--or even worse, Marinette herself!--found it?! He could feel his breathing pick up as seemingly every possible scenario went through his head.

“No worries, young man, it is on the table there.” the man nodded his head towards the wall, and the redhead turned to see that his messenger bag, sketchbooks, and pencils were all neatly stacked on a table. “I didn’t look through any of it, although I was considering trying to find an ID if you didn't wake up soon. Wouldn’t want your parents to be worried.”

Nathanael couldn’t help but let out a bitter scoff, averting his eyes down. “Oh, trust me. They wouldn’t be worried unless I died or something, probably barely at that.” all he saw was his reflection in the mug, and he didn't much like what he saw. A too-short, too-scared boy with no one who cared for him, not even his own parents. How pathetic. He only felt more pathetic when he looked up and saw the sympathetic look in the old man’s eyes.

“Young man… shouldn’t someone your age be in school right now?” was all he asked, but something told him the man wanted to know more.

“Well, yeah, classes are going on right now--what time is it?”

“It’s 10:03.”

“Yeah, classes are in right now. But I couldn’t stay. Chloe--this girl at school--she, um, she and her friend like to tease me. She ripped up one of my drawings of Ladybug and brought up when I--I mean, some bad memories, and i just couldn’t stay any longer.”

“Ladybug? Do you like Ladybug?” he quirked an eyebrow. This man asked a lot of questions. But the environment of the medic shop felt like the air the Akuma therapist had had--whatever he said here would not leave the room. He felt comfortable saying a few more things.

“How could I not like Ladybug? She and Chat Noir are the heroes of Paris! They saved me from when I was--uh, in danger.” despite the casual air, he didn’t want to talk about the Evillustrator. After all, even the therapist seemed alarmed at just how much he had remembered.

Nathanael wasn’t sure he liked the look the old man was giving him. He looked him up and down, and raised an eyebrow, paired with a plotting smirk, as if he had some sort of plan but wasn't letting him in on it yet. “If given the chance, would you help Ladybug and Chat Noir? If given the chance to be a hero like them, would you take it?”

“Why are you asking me this?” he shifted in his spot, uncertain of what exactly this old man was expecting to hear or why he wanted to know in the first place.

“If you don’t want to answer, I understand.”

“Well--I mean--okay. If Ladybug and Chat Noir needed my help, of course I’d try to help them. But I’m a weak, scrawny coward who cries too much, so I wouldn’t be much use to them anyways. But I would try. And if I had the chance to get powers like they do, I-I-I would like to think I’d take it, but… I know myself too well. I’d be scared, I’d chicken out, I’d disappoint everyone .” he felt something strange, like a cold dark hand squeezing at his heart, and a strange burning in his hand at the same time. It reminded him of things he’d done, things he’d let happen, things he’d remembered all too well. “Plus… I don’t deserve it. I’ve done horrible things and I don’t possibly deserve such powers.”

“Young man, have you been…?”

“It’s nothing you need to care about. Can you please put on the bandage now?” Nathanael didn't mean to be snappy and rude, but the conversation had suddenly hit too close to home and put him in a bad mood. Nevertheless, the man simply smiled, and stood to go get the bandages off the shelf.

After a bit of ointment was added and his shoulder and arm were wrapped, Nathanael was ready to go. But, he really needed to use the bathroom all of a sudden. Why?? He hadn’t eaten breakfast, and had taken maybe three sips from his tea the whole time he was here! Not even a whole glass! But he went anyways.

Maybe if he had been a bit more suspicious of the old man, nothing would have happened. Maybe the course of his life wouldn’t have changed. Maybe fate never had such a twist in store for him, maybe he hadn’t been meant for greatness. Or… Had he been all along?

Soon Nathanael was seriously ready to leave. He slipped on his shirt and his jacket, careful not to disturb the bandages too much. He was surprised to find his jacket stitched closed. The old man must’ve done it while he was unconscious. With a quick thanks and a bid goodbye, he left, never catching the smug look on his face.

‘Maybe I can finally swing by that cafe,’ he pondered. For a moment, he considered going to the Dupain-Cheng Boulangerie-Patisserie. It was the best bakery in town, in his opinion, and not just because Marinette took a few afternoon shifts working for her parents. But, as kind as the two owners were, they’d probably still make him go back to school. It was far too close to the school to risk it, anyhow. The time was 10:38, according to his phone. At this point, this was going to be brunch.

He slipped into the bakery and looked around. It was nice and homey and warm, but also a bit dark. It was a warm darkness, dark wood floors and coffee brown walls and yellow-hinted lights giving it a bit of a sleepy feel. That was fine with him. He glanced over the menu and ordered some carrot cake with a coffee. He waited until his order was called before he started drawing. He tended to zone out, and he didn’t want to miss his food.

But drawing felt unnatural now. Chloe’s taunts were on his mind, brought back by what the old man had said.

‘ Tomato face!’

‘Carrot head!’

‘Creeper!’

‘You wanted to drown Marinette and Chat Noir!’

Monster.

‘You wanted to torture me!’

Monster.

‘You wanted to work for Hawkmoth!’

Monster!

That’s all he was, all he was ever going to be, a monster! Why was he cursed like this, why did he remember so much, why! Had he really wanted it? Had he really wanted all of that?! If given the chance again, would he accept Hawkmoth’s deal with open arms?! Was he just a tool?! Would he say no, was it possible to say no?!

Nathanael looked down when he realized his pencil had been moving, and what he saw chilled him to the bone. Staring right back at him was the Evillustrator. He quickly slammed the book closed and rested his elbow on it, as if closing the book could keep that monster and all the thoughts in his head trapped inside of it. He felt all eyes on him. He knew it was because slamming the book had created a loud noise that was sure to catch people’s attention, but his thoughts twisted reality until they were glaring at him accusingly. They knew what he was, they knew what he had done. He felt the panic rise in his chest and tried to avoid their gazes, tried to ignore them. It was near-impossible, but a bite of carrot cake helped.

The cake was nice and warm, and the taste helped bring back good memories. Memories of sitting at a dinner table, his older sister by his side, their parents sitting with him. He was telling a joke of some sort, and they all laughed. His mother had made carrot cake, his favorite, and they were all together having a good time. God, how he missed his older sister.

He let his mind dream until he became painfully aware of just how long he had been mentally wandering through his memories. He rubbed his eyes and lifted his head off of his sketchbook, only to find himself face-to-face with a barista.

“Um, sir? You’ve been here for an hour, and it's rush hour, if you wouldn’t mind could you please--”

“Oh! Of course! I’m sorry!” he jumped to his feet and ate the last few bites of his carrot cake in a rush, not letting himself get distracted by the memories it brought back. He tossed a few cents into the tip jar as he rushed by, his now-lukewarm coffee tight in one hand as he used the other holding the sketchbook to push the door open. He was vaguely aware of someone calling ‘have a nice day!’ out after him, but he didn’t want to bother them by staying for another second.

Where to now? He could go to another park, not the Jardins, but there was nice park by the school? Was that too close to the school? It was around time for lunch break, too many students could be out nearby, he couldn’t risk it. Maybe the museum? He did have a student’s pass that would let him in for free, but what if they didn’t let him in because of his age, or even called the police on him? He couldn’t risk it. Perhaps--

A sudden flash of color caught his eye just enough for him to turn his head slightly, and he felt his heart skip a beat at what he saw. It was the clown. It lifted a finger and beckoned for him to come closer, to cross the street and hear whatever he had to say. Every instinct told him to run, his brain was screaming for him to fight or fly, he felt his muscles tense for a sudden outburst of energy. And yet, something was telling him to come closer. This clown clearly wanted something, maybe he had dropped an ID or something and he was trying to give it back? Curiosity began to overtake the panic in his brain, and he almost crossed the street.

Two things distracted him from doing so. One, a searing hot pain in his thigh from where his messenger bag was. It felt almost like he was being branded or something, at least how he could only imagine it to feel. Secondly, his phone buzzed, the indication of a text message. He shifted his bag over so that whatever was burning him wouldn’t be touching him. What even was it? Some stupid prank from Sabrina or something? Then he looked down at the phone.

Alix: [yo, dude?? Rose told me you aren’t coming back to school, so I figured I’d let you know that we’ve been paired up for a book report on The Three Musketeers.]

Oh, ok, cool. Alix was pretty cool, she was definitely one of the people he’d prefer to group with out of the class. He was about to type out a message when he felt a hand grip his shoulder, his left shoulder, so not only was it terrifying, but it was also painful. He whipped around to find the clown right there behind him, grinning evilly as his grip only tightened and he tried to force Nathanael to look him in the eyes.

Nathanael Kurtzberg was not having this voodoo crap.

For maybe the second or third time that day, adrenaline tore its way through his veins and he punched the clown in the face, right in the nose, and felt a satisfying crack. He didn’t have time to dwell on that, however, because every second he waited, it looked like the clown was… healing itself?! Was this an akuma?! No time to find out.

Before the clown could react properly, Nathanael had booked it.

Notes:

Thanks for reading this far!

Sorry if some things are written weird, I'm not sure if things came out the way I intended but I hope it did! Feel free to leave a comment if there's a mistake or if things are unclear!
Anyone else excited about the Christmas special? I really hope Nathanael sings, his VA can sing. But TBH, if he so much as shows up in the background in some winter clothes I'll be happy. I'm easy to please, I just want to see my tomato.
I hope you all have a wonderful day!
Chapter 4: Chapter 3

Summary:

A story about the clowns appears on the news, and--what's this box doing here?
Notes:

Sorry it's been so long since I've updated this story! I got stuck on deciding a few things in Nathanael's future that become relevant in this chapter. I guess this counts as a late Christmas/Hannukah present, and since Kwanzaa starts today it can count as a gift for that too! Happy Holidays, everyone!
I'd like to give credit to flautist4ever on Tumblr! She's started beta-ing a lot of my fics, and was a huge help with this chapter and a few subsequent ones as well! Also, she helped me expand on the Prologue a bit-I'm going to update that tonight as well. I'm not sure if it'll show up in email notifications for those of you who follow this story, so if you get two emails about this fic updating just ignore the second one.
With that all being said, I'll leave you all to the story!
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text

As soon as Nathanael got to his apartment complex, he’d yanked his key out of his pocket and ran inside. He needed to barricade the door. Couch, coffee table, anything he could find made its way to the front of the door. Then he triple checked every single window to make sure it was locked, and closed the blinds.

Chest heaving, he finally realized how exhausted he was. A half-frozen water bottle and a comfortable seat on the floor would do. With his blanket wrapped around his head and shoulders like a shawl, he reached and turned on the TV, only to see the very last thing he was hoping to see.

Police sketches of several clowns filled the screen as news reporter Nadja Chamack’s voice said. “A breaking news report, as the police department receives several calls about clowns lurking in the alleys and parks of Paris!”

Nathanael jumped back from the screen and tripped over his blanket, landing on his injured side but barely noticing as he heard the rest of the news story. At least three clowns had been seen and reported by several citizens of Paris, with more reports being sent in by the minute. They were standing ominously, luring people over to them for who knows what reason. Some people had memory lapses between first seeing the clown and ‘waking up again,’ oftentimes across a street or a few blocks away before something distracted them. If some missing person alerts were anything to go by, some kids weren’t so lucky. Any viewers who had a run in with a clown were being urged to call the police with a report, providing the number on the police sketches (which were shown again; Nathanael recognized Clown #3 immediately) if it was the one they encountered, or to provide as detailed a description as possible if it wasn’t. Or, if you had any pictures of clown encounters, to send them to the station’s email address.  With one final warning to not follow any strangers, Nadja closed the report with a verbal hope that Ladybug and Chat Noir would get to the bottom of this, in assumption that they were listening.

‘So I’m not the only one who saw a creepy clown,’ Nathanael mused, thankful that he wasn’t going crazy or something. ‘Guess I should call the police,’

He dialed the number and offered up all the information he could offer. Everything was a bit muddled up, the memories of the two encounters mixing together into a confused mess. He didn’t feel like he was being much help, but the officer on the phone thanked him anyhow before hanging up. He glanced at the TV screen, only to find that the news story had shifted to talking to the parents about the missing kids. His heart ached at the thought, and he shut off the TV so he wouldn't have to listen to it.

Frankly, he was stressed out now. Stressed, and frustrated with some hawaiian shirt old man. He needed a release. He decided on drawing. Nathanael gathered up the blankets and his belongings and went to his room.

He was greeted by the sight of his drawing desk, and several half-finished paintings on easels. None of them were interesting enough for him to work on at the moment, he wanted to draw something in his sketchbook. Maybe finish that picture he was doing earlier, before painting it on a spare easel. He reached into his bag for his pencils and sketchbook, but instead found something… unexpected.

Nathanael pulled out a small black hexagonal box, decorated with a strange, imperial-looking design on the top. It fit the palm of his hand, but he had never seen something like this before. Why was it in his bag? And, most importantly, what’s inside? It seemed like something that was meant to be opened. Technically, he should return it, but curiosity overtook him. He opened it, to find a necklace that looked like a fox’s tail delicately seated on red velvet. It was a nice enough, but why--

He threw it across the room as it began to glow, gathering his blankets around him to shield his eyes. He braced himself for whatever. Maybe an explosion or something, maybe the house was about to explode. He wouldn’t have to deal with Chloe and creepy clowns if he was dead. The burst of warmth that had come with the light cooled away, prompting him to open his eyes and peek out of the blanket. There was nothing interesting at first. It was just his room, the box, the scattered materials from his bookbag across the floor. He let out a sigh of relief.

Then a blur of orange shot down in front of him.

Nathanael screamed and backed away until his back hit the wall behind him. His breath hitched in his throat as he realized he was cornered with this… this… thing in front of him! Some sort of weird, tiny, flying fox was in his room, and--

“Hey! Calm down! I don’t bite!”

It talked?!

Nathanael grabbed the nearest objects he had to defend himself; a pillow and a pencil by his bed. He hadn’t realized he was screaming, he was just focused on getting this weird thing away from him! What the hell was in that tea that old man gave him earlier?!

The small creature dodged his pencil as he swung it in front of him, paw-flipper-things up in the air as if trying to appear as harmless. “Hey, hey, calm down, you’re hurting my ears! They’re gentle…”

“What the hell are you?!”

“I’m Trixx! I’m a kwami! If you put on that necklace, you’ll get superpowers and can defend wherever we are from villains and monsters!”

“What the--what?!”

“Yeah! You can be a superhero!” The kwami did a backwards flip in excitement, her eyes gleaming. Nathanael was anything but excited.

“What--I--No, no, I can’t!”

“But you can! You just have to put on that necklace and--”

“N-No, I can’t! I-I can’t, I shouldn’t, I won’t, I don’t deserve it! Not after… Not after what happened.” Nathanael let out a sigh, letting his hands rest in his lap. Him? Get superpowers? He was a nobody; worse than a nobody, he was a coward, he was a monster. He’d let his emotions take over reason before. He’d let the villain he’d be fighting against--if he took the necklace and accepted this huge responsibility--corrupt him before. He didn’t trust himself with whatever powers this ‘kwami’ claimed the jewel contained. How could anyone trust him as a hero?

“Huh? No no no, you were chosen for a reason! Whatever Master Fu saw in you made you worthy to be a hero!”

“A hero? I’m a miserable coward. I couldn’t possibly be a hero, I don’t deserve--”

“Here. I have an idea.”

“Hm?” He looked up at the strange floating fox, which was now resting on a bedpost. Now that he wasn’t focused on the fact that there was some random flying animal in his room, he realized… She was actually kind of adorable.

“You can transform a few times, try it out. No fighting if you don’t want to, just try out your powers, see what it's like. Then you can decide.”

“No--but I--well--I shouldn’t--” Nathanael paused and took some time to think about it. He still really didn’t feel like he deserved it. But, someone saw some potential in him. For whatever reason. The opportunity was right there in front of him, in the form of a floating fox intrigued with some old painting on the wall. He would hate it if he rejected it and wanted it later. Plus… it could be fun.

Trixx gave him a knowing smile when Nathanael looked back up at her. “Well? Have you made your choice?”

“Yeah… I want to try it.”

“Oh, wonderful!”

“B-but, not right now. I’m not ready yet.”

“Alright! You’ll need some time to get used to me anyhow, and we’ll have to decide on where to hide me and other general maintenance.”

“General maintenance?”

“Well, you have to take care of me, and the Miraculous too.”

“Um, alright… What all do I have to do?”

“Well, in order to use your powers, I have to be fed. Especially when you detransform after using your special power. I’ll need to eat in order for you to transform again.”

“Alright. What do you need to eat?”

“Anything that’s meat should be fine,”

“Yikes. And I’ll have to carry it around with me?”

“Yes.”

“Does it have to be raw?”

“Oh, no, of course not!”

“...Here, I have an idea. Come with me.”

“Wait, but no one else can see me--” Trixx rushed to the door and hovered in front of it, waving her flippers frantically as if to stop him.

“No one else is home, I promise. It’ll be fine.” Nathanael cupped his hands to let Trixx land on them, which she did. He opened the door and walked over to the kitchen to root through the pantry. Soon, the redhead found what he was looking for; a bag of bacon bits, intended for salad, but probably good enough to feed a power-granting being. “How are these? I could carry them around in my bag, and it wouldn’t smell or make a mess.”

“Ooh! Ooh! Open it, please!” Nathanael popped open the bag, and Trixx immediately dove in and ate a few chunks of the bacon. “These are wonderful! This should work just fine!”

“Alright. So, what are my powers”

“Well. Your weapon is a flute, and--”

“Well, shit.” Trixx looked mildly alarmed at the curse. “I mean, shucks.”

“Iiiis something wrong with the flute?”

“Well, I don’t own one. I don’t know how to play one either. Lessons will cost money, and I don’t have--”

“No worries! I’m sure good fortune will come your way soon.” she grinned. “Anyways, when you play a song on your flute, you can make illusions!”

“Like Volpina?”

“Volpina? There was already a--no way, I’m the only fox miraculous…”

“A girl in my class got akumatized and pretended to be the wielder of a fox mir--well, the wielder of you --and tricked Ladybug and Chat Noir. Oh, god, they’re gonna hate me when they find me…”

“I’m sure it will end up okay. But, your miraculous power involves playing the flute; different notes and different speeds give different effects to the attack. Every time you play the flute for an attack, it takes a minute off of your time. After you play five songs, you’ll only have a minute left before you detransform. Don’t waste it.”

Nathanael nodded. “So, are all of my attacks related to playing the flute?”
“Well… no. All of your long-range attacks are, though. You flute is sharp on one side, and its strong, you can use it to fight like a sword or a staff.”

“Nice! Like Chat Noir’s baton!”

“I’m going to assume yes. Now that that’s settled, we’ll have to decide where you’ll be hiding me.”

“Huh… I have a pencil pouch I have in my bag most of the time, you could hide in there? Or maybe my bag itself… or my jacket?”

“Those all should be fine!”

“...wanna watch me draw?”

“Ooh! Sure, if you don’t mind!”

Nathan shifted to his desk, got out his supplies, and begun. Trixx shifted around a lot, flitting from the top of his head to the bedpost to his desk to the pillow and back again. It was distracting at first, but he didn’t mind too much. He’d need to get used to having her around anyways. Soon he barely even felt her there, barely even felt the pencil in his hand or the desk under him. He just felt his eyelids getting heavy, and his body felt weightless. His pencil was moving in his hand, but it felt distant, unattached. The lamplight dimmed as the word vanished behind his eyelids.

Notes:

I hope you guys all enjoyed this chapter! Happy Holidays to all of you, and since I seriously doubt I'll update this story before New Years, Happy New Year to you all as well! I wish the New Year goes well for you!
Thanks for reading!
Chapter 5: Chapter 4

Summary:

Nathanael learns about hiding identities, Nathanael has a bedhead, Chloe is being a bitch but Nathanael learns the art of the clap back.
Notes:

Hello, everyone! Thank you so much for your patience and your reviews! This chapter is a bit longer than the others, I think. I hope you enjoy it!
Thanks thecrazydragonlady for betareading this chapter for me! (Trust me guys, this would have been a mess otherwise)
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text

Nathanael’s head shot up from his desk when the alarm on his phone went off. He hadn’t even realized he’d been asleep. A quick glance around revealed that, luckily, he hadn’t been drooling on his drawing all through the night. Now he could just get some food, get ready for school, and--

“Ow!!”

Who the fuck--

“Well, I guess that was my fault for sleeping on your head…” the redhead looked on the ground behind him to see a small, palm-sized fox rubbing its head with its… Paws? Flippers? He wasn’t quite sure how to describe them. The sight alone brought back all of the memories from yesterday, from running into the clowns to meeting the old guy and getting his kwami. He had freaking super powers now?! Him?! And--oh god--

“Where the hell am I going to hide you?” he muttered to himself, standing to his feet.

“Yesterday, you mentioned your jacket?” the kwami suggested. He snapped his fingers.

“Right! Thanks, Trixx!” he went to the kitchen and fixed himself some oatmeal and a glass of milk, glancing at his phone again. Did he even have time to eat this? Eh. He could afford to be late for once.

Trixx sat on the table and joined him, having grabbed the bag of bacon bits and munching on a few pieces. Nathanael couldn’t help but smile. Trixx was nice. Having a magical pet that was nice to him made the whole ‘adjusting to the fact that you have superpowers’ thing a lot easier. He still wasn’t sure how he was going to learn how to play the flute yet, though. But if Trixx genuinely believed that some sort of good fortune would come his way, he wouldn’t argue.

After he finished, the two of them headed to the bathroom to fix up his hair a bit. He’d taken to flat-ironing it recently. Maybe if he looked nicer, Marinette would notice him for more than his akumatization. He couldn’t possibly compare to world-famous model Adrien Agreste, but maybe he could try. He freshened up and packed his things, pouring the bacon bits into a smaller plastic bag that would be easier to carry in his jacket. After a few final checks to make sure he was presentable, he was finally ready to leave for school.

As he walked through the streets, he couldn't help but glance at every alley, peek around every corner on his way. He was hoping not to run into anymore clowns today, but knowing his streak of luck, he'd do just that. He wasn't expecting to run into Lila though.

"O-oh! Sorry!" he jumped back, hoping he hadn't done anything exceptionally embarrassing like spilling coffee all over her or something. Lila seemed just as shocked to see him as he was to see her.

"Oh! No worries, I'm fine.” she smiled at him, stopping a runaway pencil with her foot.

“Well, that’s good. It’s nice to see you,” He bent down to pick up the pencil. Lila was quiet for a moment before she spoke again.

“Hey… Everything okay?"

"I'm fine! I didn't drop anything, I don't think--" Nathanael stole a quick glance at the ground to make sure nothing had fallen out of his bag.

“I mean, about school. And what happened yesterday.” Nathanael winced at the memory. Schoolyard teasing, he could usually handle. But what had happened yesterday? He should’ve never opened his mouth to talk back. “I-I mean, it’s just--everyone was kind of worried. You seemed pretty upset, and I didn’t see you for the rest of the day. Where were you?”

“Yeah, I, uh, skipped the rest of the day.” he sighed, clutching the strap to his bag so tight his knuckles were white. He’d been humiliated by Chloe, he was never going to live that down. Maybe it’d be best if he just skipped today too...

"Oh. I'm sorry, I should've done more to help."

"You were awesome, actually. Most people don't try to get in Chloe's way when she's messing with people. Thanks for doing that."

"Oh. Um, no problem." Lila offered a small smile before crossing the street. He tagged along behind her. They walked in silence the rest of the way to school. He felt Trixx shift around a bit in his jacket pocket, but ignored it. He'd have to get used to it sooner or later.

As they neared the school, Marinette ran out of her bakery and caught up with them. Lila grinned and waved. "Hey, Marinette!"

"Hi, Lila! Oh, hi, Nathanael! Are you okay after yesterday? I'm so so sorry she tormented you like that!"

"O-Oh! Yeah, no worries, I-I'm fine!" He felt a blush creep up his cheeks as he fumbled over his words. Honestly? Had it been anyone else, Nathanael would have probably told them that he didn't feel like talking about yesterday's events anymore, and leave it at that. But this wasn't just anyone, this was Marinette! "Although, I must admit, I am kind of nervous about school today. Do you think she's still going to go after me today?"

"I dunno, honestly. They got in pretty big trouble for what they did, especially with so many witnesses. They'll probably avoid messing with anyone for at least a week or two. But trust me, if they so much as look at you the wrong way, I'll step up."

"Yeah, me too. I hate Bitch Bourgeois as much as anyone, and I've been here less than a month already." Lila added. Nathanael grinned.

"I might have to use that one next time she tries to mess with me." he said.

"By all means, go ahead, she deserves it."

"Just not in front of Miss Bustier. She'd probably get mad." Marinette added. A sleek silver car pulled up beside them, and Adrien Agreste stepped out onto the sidewalk. Marinette immediately tripped over thin air with a startled squawk, while Lila threw a few flirtatious winks his way with a sultry, 'Hey, Adrien.'

"Hi, Mari! Hi, Lila! What’s up--are you okay?" Adrien stepped over to help Marinette up, but Nathanael was already there. "Oh! Hi, Nathanael! Everything alright after yesterday?"

"Yeah, just peachy, don't wanna talk about it." Nathanael grit his teeth.

"Oh, um, okay? Nice hair! What'd you do to it?"

"I knew I'd noticed something different about you!" Marinette added, snapping her fingers. "It looks nice! You can see your face better!" It was true, he assumed. He'd brushed it back a bit, so now his bangs wouldn't hang in his eyes as much. He was just happy she'd noticed.

"Thanks! I just flat ironed it a little."

"No gel? You could've shaped it better."

"Nah, I don't like hair gel. It makes your hair and fingers too greasy for my tastes."

"Well, um, okay. Oh, hey Nino!" Adrien jogged up the stairs to talk to Nino, who was standing at the side of the stairs where he always waited for his best bud. Marinette let out a lovestruck sigh, her hands going to her cheeks.

"He talked to me...!" she said.

"Well, yeah, he talks to everyone." Lila shrugged, watching him chat to Nino as well.

"Eh, not really. He's always either with Nino, Alya, Marinette, or Chloe. He doesn't really seem to bother with anyone else." Nathanael knew he shouldn't be so bitter. Marinette liked someone else, someone twenty thousand leagues above him who he could never compete with, he should just get over his dumb crush and stop hating on the poor guy. He was actually pretty nice. Sure, he didn't talk to anyone outside of his friend group much, but he'd been homeschooled. He probably wasn't used to having so many options of people to talk to.

That’s when it hit him. Adrien didn't have any superpowers. Sure, he was a model, but he didn't have bonafide superpowers like he did! Maybe he could transform a few times, prove himself as a hero, and woo Marinette in his hero form! Then, when she's utterly in love with him, he could reveal his identity to her and they could start dating!

'As glad as I am that you finally want to use your powers, I don't think using them to woo a girl is the best use of them.' a voice said in his head.

"Wha--gah!!" Nathanael's foot slipped off the steps and he fell backwards, landing in a pathetic red-haired heap. A few of the upperclassmen laughed as they passed by, but that was the least of his concerns.

"Nathanael! Are you alright?!" Marinette ran back down the steps and helped him to his feet, brushing some dust and grit off of his clothes.

"Oh, I'm f-fine, Mari! I need to go real quick, I just remembered something, I'll see you in class!" Before she could reply, he ran up the stairs and into the school, beelining straight to a restroom he knew barely anyone ever used. As soon as the door was shut, Trixx zipped out of his jacket to face him. "Wait, that was you?!"

"Who else did you think it could be?"

"Um, well, I--good question, actually. But you never told me you could talk to me telekinetically!"

"Dooooooo you mean telepathically?"

"Yeah, that!"

"I'm sorry. I must've forgotten. But, you can't tell anyone your true identity, not even Marinette, not even Ladynoir and Chat Bug or whatever you called them."

"Ladybug and Chat Noir!"

"Yeah! No one else can know!" He guessed that made sense. Ladybug and Chat Noir always seemed to run off in separate directions as soon as fights ended. They probably didn't know each other's identities, for that matter. And, in all of the comics he'd read, all the heroes either did their best to keep their powers a secret, or bad things would happen to those who they'd told. He definitely didn't want Marinette getting hurt by any akumas. He'd do his best to keep her, and the rest of the city, safe.

"Alright. I understand. Is everything okay in the jacket? We can switch you to the backpack now if you want."

"I'm okay!" Nathanael nodded and headed back out to class.

No one seemed to notice when he came in. The classroom was basically empty, save for Ivan, Mylene, and Alix. Everyone else must be at their lockers. Fair enough. He took out a few sketchbooks and continued working on his drawing of Ladybug and Chat Noir until class started. He hadn't even noticed the classroom filling up.

He raised his hand when his name was called and more or less let himself zone out from there. He was nearly done with this drawing, and if he was lucky there wouldn’t be any interruptions, so he might finish it by the end of school! He’d already read the section in the textbook they were working on anyways, so he wasn’t concerned about falling behind in Literature at the least.

 

No interruptions from the teachers or Chloe? He was having an awfully lucky day today! Before he knew it, he was pulling out his lunch to eat! Rose and Juleka joined him at his desk, and they chat a bit while everyone left school for lunch. All of their homes were too inconvenient of a walk to eat there, so they just hung out with each other instead!

“So, what are your plans for today?” Juleka asked them.

“I was gonna try and finish this thing I’m working on,” Nathanael pushed his sketchbook over to his two friends. Rose squealed in excitement.

“Oh my gosh, that looks so awesome, Nathan! This must be way more fun than playing the flute every day,”

“Oh, well I’m sure if you enjoy playing the flute then they can be equally fun, so--” wait. Rose has flute lessons. Rose is in the school band. Rose knows how to play the flute. “In fact, I was actually wondering if I could learn how to play the flute. It seems like a pretty cool instrument, personally.”

“Ooh! Maybe I could help! Do you have one?”

“N-no…”

“Oh! I have an old one you can borrow! Maybe you can come to my house tomorrow and we can start?”

“That sounds great, thanks!”

“Wow. At this rate, I might have to start playing the flute too.” Juleka said.

“What if we all learned instruments and made a little band!”

“That could be fun!” Nathanael smiled to himself as his two friends bounced band names off of each other. Trixx was right. He had come across a stroke of luck.

 

As soon as he came home, he let himself flop onto his bed with a sigh. Math and Science had been utterly exhausting today, and he needed a break.

Trixx flew out of his jacket and floated above him. “Don’t you have a test to study for, Nathanael?”

Nathanael let out a groan as he forced himself to his work desk. He was aware of the test. He didn’t want to think about it, but he knew he’d get a worse grade if he didn’t study. He hoped to maybe make at least a fifty on this test, a sixty if he was lucky, but he honestly doubted it would happen. And then his parents would have to see him. They only ever took time off work for parent-teacher conferences, always playing the part of the concerned parent who didn’t understand why their poor baby wasn’t doing well in class, and then immediately after go back to work and abandon him for the next few weeks. He wasn’t sure if their disappointment hurt more because he only ever saw them when they were disappointed in him, or because it felt like an act from them.

“Hey,” Trixx sat on his head, teasing with strands of his hair. “You need to focus. Here, I’ll help you. Just relax and read, you’ve got this.”

He sighed but nodded, bringing his thoughts into order and beginning to read.

Surprisingly, everything was coming nice and clear to him outside of class. It was… weird. Must have been Trixx’s doing. Whatever was happening, he sure hoped it lasted long enough for him to remember everything and pass the test. With this strange sudden understanding, he quickly tore through the reading with surprising clarity, and was done with all of the homework he’d been assigned before eight o'clock rolled by.

“Finally, that’s over and done with!” he sighed, letting himself sit back in his chair and stretch. Trixx floated in front of him before zipping into his jacket to find the bacon bits.

“So, are we going to transform?” the kwami asked curiously. Nathanael shook his head.

“Not tonight. I don’t even know how to hold a flute properly, or play it at all. Maybe after my first lesson with Rose tomorrow.”

“...I might be able to change the weapon to something easier to learn to play…”

“Well, please, dear god, don’t make it the recorder. I’ve seen videos of people playing that and only one of them was any cool. “

“...any instruments you do know how to play?”

“No, not really. I know how to use instruments of the arts.”

“Instruments of the arts?”

“Y’know; paintbrushes, pencils, pens, rulers--”

“I’m not sending you into combat with a giant ruler, Nathanael.” Trixx deadpanned. Nathanael laughed a little. He had to admit it, fighting akumas with a giant ruler did seem a bit silly.

“Alright, alright, no rulers. Hey, I heard piano’s pretty easy, maybe I can learn--”

“Piano’s not easy. Try again.” Trixx sent him a glare that forced Nathanael to look away.

“Um… I guess I’ll just do the flute then…”

“That’s wonderful! We can transform tomorrow after your first lesson, then?”

“Yeah, sure!” he grinned, pulling out his sketchbook. Trixx rested on his shoulder and watched him draw.

 

The next morning, Trixx was the first up. Nathanael’s phone vibrated on the desk besides him, but he didn’t seem to acknowledge it. The kwami sighed and began tugging at his holder’s hair.

“Nathanael… Nathanael, get up, it’s time for school…” she said, tugging as hard as she could. He shifted slightly.

“Five more minutes, maman…” the boy muttered, lazily waving her off. She pouted a moment before considering… five more minutes really couldn’t hurt… With her mind settled, she rested herself back on his head. Just five more minutes. That was all.

 

“Holy fuck, I’m late!” Nathanael exclaimed, jumping to his feet as he scrambled to get his things together. His alarm had been ringing for twenty minutes already, school was going to start in thirty, and it took fifteen to get over there! How had he missed the alarm?!

A quick glance at his phone revealed that the ringer had been switched off.

Nathanael hated his phone.

He rushed to get his things together, barely touching up his hair and deciding today was definitely a hat day. He tossed on a beanie and went with it. He grabbed his bookbag, grabbed his wallet, grabbed his kwami, and ran out of his apartment in a mad dash to get to school on time.

He arrived out of breath and with maybe two minutes to spare. By this point, Trixx had slipped into his hat, and was out of sight by the time he entered the classroom. The class stared at him as he walked to his desk.

“What happened?” Lila asked as he sat down.

“Woke up late… ran the whole way here…” he managed to say before exhaustion hit him completely and he laid his head on the desk. The cool wood felt like pure bliss against his heated face. Lila giggled and pulled out the items for her notes, resting an arm on the table as she looked him over.

“Nice hat,” she said.

“Thanks. My mom knit it for me.” Nathanael smiled at the thought. It was one of the last gifts she’d gotten him, one of the few she’d made herself. She gave it to him the year before his sister left for university, back when they were a normal, happy family.

God, he missed his sister.

“Your mom knits?”

“Yeah. Well, she used to. I don’t know if she does anymore.”

“That’s so cool! My mom just… She’s too busy to do ‘mom stuff,’ I guess.” she turned her head before Nathanael could say anything, her arms crossed. Class started soon after. Looked like he wouldn’t get a chance to ask.

Class, as it were, went by surprisingly fast. It passed as a blur to Nathanael, a whirlwind of note taking and teachers talking, but he couldn’t pin down anything specific he’d learned. Which mildly concerned him. Did they have any assignments? Any homework, any new projects, any tests next class? He couldn’t remember. Shit. He was so screwed.

Whatever. He’d figure it out later. Their lunch break had started. He‘d barely pulled out his lunch when all of a sudden Chloe and Sabrina appeared by his desk.

“Wow. I’m surprised you had the courage to even come to school.” Chloe taunted, leaning forwards. “What with that embarrassing little stunt you pulled the other day?”

“Yeah, I decided you weren’t worth missing a test for.”

“No one wants to see your ugly little villain face here,” she scoffed. “You should have just stayed home or something.”

“Especially if you’re going to wear a hat as ugly as that! ” Sabrina laughed. “Who made that for you, your mom?!”

“Yes?” Apparently that was hilarious, because they both started laughing like it was the funniest thing they’d heard all day.

“How pathetic! You don’t even know how pathetic that is!”

Nathanael swallowed. He wasn’t going to let them get to him this time. Biting remarks tended to cause things to take bad turns when it came to Chloe. He’d have to find another way to defuse the--

“Well, at least he has a mom!” Everyone’s jaw dropped to the floor at Lila’s comment. then Chloe’s eyes narrowed viciously.

Goddammit, Lila.

“Oh yeah?!” Her teeth ground together, she was clearly fighting back tears, but of course she wasn’t done with him yet. He wasn’t that lucky. “Well, since he’s got it so good with his goddamn absentee mother,” she reached and grabbed onto his hat.

“Wait, don’t--” he began to plead, but it was no use.

“She can make him a new ugly-ass hat!” she yelled, yanking the hat off his head and across the room. Trixx was exposed for the whole class to see.

And not one damn person commented on her. In fact, the whole class was silent for a full five seconds.

The silence was interrupted by Chloe and Sabrina’s laughter. “Oh my god, your hair looks hideous!” Sabrina giggled.

“Doesn’t it always?” Chloe scoffed, recovering from her laughter rather quickly.

“Yeah, but it looks like a carrot blew its chunks!”

Oh, right. His bedhead. He couldn’t help but laugh a little bit.

“I tried to warn you guys. You brought this onto yourselves,” he sighed dramatically, getting up to get his hat and hoping Trixx--wherever she was--had managed to hide herself.

“It must suck not having a mom to make sure you look decent enough to leave the house, doesn’t it?” Nathanael stiffened just slightly. Though he’d tried not to let it on, all of these comments about his parents never being around cut through him. Out the corner of his eye, he saw Alix casting him a sympathetic look. The pity was almost worse than the teasing itself.

That’s when Nathanael realized that maybe, just maybe, Chloe’d lashed out like that because it was close to home for her too.

“You would know better than me,” he said, bending to pick up his hat. He turned and looked her in the eye and held the stare. “You’ve worn black and white stripes every day for the past two years at the least. And you’ve worn that damn yellow sweater every day this year. I’ve seen your closet--where something else for a damn change. You look like a bumblebee.”

The class oohed dramatically. Sabrina’s jaw dropped in shock. Chloe, frankly, was still as a statue in the face of such a call-out. Nathanael grinned, gradually making his way to the door.

“And another thing--you can get your nasty hair washed three times a day all you want, you can wear twenty designer sunglasses at once, you can change your outfit for each class if need be--but whoever’s looking you over in the morning is doing a damn horrible job of keeping your hideous-ass attitude in check.”

The class was rioting. He even thought he saw Kim toss Max up in the air. Nino was pumping his fist in the air, and Alya was recording. Marinette was laughing her head off. Alix gave him a thumbs up, and Rose and Juleka were hugging. Chloe let out an unholy screech that sounded slightly like a ‘ Nathanael get your ass over here and take that back! ’

For the second time in three days, he left the classroom and darted out of the school.

Notes:

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! I'm not sure when the next one will be up, depends on how long it takes me to get ahead again, but I have other fics to enjoy until the next chapter!
Kudos and reviews are always more than welcome! Thanks for reading, and I hope you all have a nice day!
Chapter 6: Chapter 5

Summary:

Nathanael meets up with Alix after school, remembers that the clown akuma is still out there, and decides to take a nap.
Notes:

Hello! Sorry for the long-ish wait, but I've finally finished Chapter 5!
This chapter is part of my Valentine's Day Fic Bomb-my stories The Disposables and The Living Nightmare are also getting updated tonight as well! I might also do a President's Day Drabble Drop, if I get enough finished in time.
This chapter was beta-read by Flautist4ever from Tumblr! Thanks so much!
With that, I'll leave you to reading! I hope you enjoy it!
(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text

When he came back from lunch break, Chloe didn’t dare even look at him. Kim gave him a friendly (but painful) slap on the back and a congratulatory ‘My man!’ Rose and Juleka snickered quietly, and everyone else was trying to keep a straight face lest they burst out laughing in the lesson that was soon to start. Lila offered him a high-five under their desk.

He took it.

Class went by fairly quickly. And when the day ended and the class headed out the school, Chloe didn’t even dare try to approach him.

He could get used to this.

Flute lessons weren’t necessarily bad. Rose clearly knew what she was doing, and was good at it. The problem was, Nathanael wasn’t. Granted, it was his first time picking up a flute ever, so he was still working on the basics--how to blow into it properly and hold it and clean it and store it--but it felt like he was going too slow. That clown akuma--if it was an akuma--was still at large, and if he was going to be a hero, he needed to be able to help Ladybug and Chat Noir defeat him.

On his way home, flute case in hand, he tugged off his beanie and looked at the little fox kwami inside. “Hey, Trixx?”

“Yes, Nathanael?”

“When Chloe pulled my hat off… where did you go?”

“I felt her coming closer and figured out what she was going to do, and I grabbed on to the inside of the hat.” Trixx beamed up at him with a sharp-toothed grin.

“So, if she had actually looked inside the hat, then what would you have done?”

“Hm… well, I don’t know. The important thing is that, she didn’t, and no one else knows of my existence.”

“Alright,” he opened the door to his apartment and slung his bookbag off his shoulder and halfway across the room. He plopped down on the couch with a sigh, letting himself relax as the weight of his school life and social interactions melted off his shoulders.

“Um… weren’t you meeting up with Alix today for that project?” Trixx asked, floating in front of his face. His eyes blew wide and he shot up off the couch.

“Well, fuck!!” he jumped up and grabbed his bookbag and his hat again.

“Nathanael!”

“Sorry, I meant frick!” he kept forgetting his kwami didn’t like curses--why didn’t she? Oh well, wasn’t his place to be nosy. He quickly scooped the miniature flying fox out of the air and put his hat on before rushing out the door. If he didn’t want to be late, he’d have to run probably.

He had to duck and weave between a few tourist groups to make it, but he managed to get to the library at a decent time. Alix was already there, frowning at a notebook. He slid into the seat beside her and opened up his bookbag.

“Hey, tomato boy.” Alix nodded a greeting.

“Hey, cotton candy girl.”

“Don’t call me cotton candy girl.”

“Don’t call me tomato boy.”

“...fair enough. Did you actually read anything, because I sure as hell didn’t.”

“Oh, thank god, I thought I was the only one. I figured I was just going to check out the audiobook and listen to that over the weekend.”

“Sounds like a pretty good plan to me!” Alix grinned. She cast a glance over at his bag. “So… is your sketchbook in there?”

“Yeah, why?”

“Do you have that comic?” Nathanael sighed and pulled out his sketchbook, flipping to the page where the comic of his experience as an akuma started. Rose and Juleka were the first ones to see it, but Kim heard about it somehow and word spread and next thing he knew, everyone in class wanted to see his comic.

He watched Alix’s face, already knowing the routine of someone reading it for the first time. Her eyes widened and her eyebrows furrowed and arched on cue. When she had finished the comic, she turned to look at him, eyes wide like dinner plates.

“You drew this? With no outside help?”

“Yes, I did.” he ran a hand through his hair. He knew the routine, he knew what was bound to happen next.

“And you remembered all this shit? Didn’t make a single thing up?”

“Yes, I did. All true to facts, every detail as exact as I remember.”

“You sure this wasn’t a dream or something you had afterwards?”

“Yes, I am. Marinette saw it and said the date was exact, down to the letter.”

“And you did all of this, what, two weeks after you were akumatized?”

“Yes, I did.”

“That’s fucking weird, man! How do you remember all of…. All of that?! ” she desperately gestured to the open book on the table in front of them. “I don’t remember jack shit from when I was akumatied, and apparently I split in fucking two! ”

“I’m aware that it’s strange, I’ve been told so several--”

“That’s, like, freaky fucking weird! I mean--” she gestured at the book a few more times. “ What?! ”

“Don’t yell, we’re in a library.”

“You remember every detail from being fucking akumatized, and you somehow don’t expect me to freak out?!”

“I know it’s weird, but you could be more quiet about it.”

Alix gestured frustratedly at the book for a few more minutes before finally resigning. “I just--Max doesn’t even remember anything, and Max is Max, he remembers everything! How do you remember?!”

“I… don’t know what was different for me. Maybe it’s because he hurt my hand?” he looked down at his left hand, which was gripping a pencil. “Sometimes, when other akumas are sent out, it starts hurting again.”

“He hurt you hand? Hawkmoth?” Alix gaped, eating up every bit of his story.

“Yeah, in the comic? He was mad because I wasn’t going after the miraculouses, and threatened to take my powers, and then my hand just…” he shrugged, setting the pencil down.

Alix looked down pensively. “...well, I get the feeling that something great is about to happen.”

“You think so? Like what?” he sat up a bit, his interest piqued. Alix wasn’t always introspective or anything, but when she was… it was pretty close.

“I dunno. Just… something that’ll bring the city a few steps closer to bring down Hawkmoth. I mean… I dunno. I probably sound stupid, Kim always says I sound stupid when I say stuff like that.”

“No, no… I think you’re right. It’s been a long time, they’ll find an advantage sooner or later.”

Alix nodded, looking out the window a moment before turning back to the sketchbook. “This is pretty rad though, how you remember. And the drawings too, but your drawings are always wicked cool.”

“Oh, um, thanks!” Nathanael couldn’t help but blush a bit at the compliment.

“Anytime. So, let’s meet up in, I dunno, three days cool with you?”

“Sounds perfect. Then we can finish the report before it’s due next Friday!” the two fistbumped. Alix raised an eyebrow and they both said “Bien joue!” before devolving into a fit of giggles. Eventually, she stood and slung her backpack over her shoulder.

“See you at school. Also? Keep throwing shade at Chloe, the class is loving it.”

“I’ll keep it in mind.” he grinned as he put his sketchbook back in his bag. They checked out the audiobooks and walked to the door together before splitting their separate ways with a final wave goodbye.

As he walked back home, Trixx darted out from under his hat. “So, are we gonna transform now?”

“Eh…. maybe later. I’m tired, and we should probably wait until it gets darker. Fewer people will see, less people will see me and accuse me of being another Fox akuma.”

“Sounds fair! What are we gonna do until then!”

“I dunno, probably take a nap or--” as he turned the corner, he saw another clown--this one shorter than the one he’d seen what felt like ages ago--luring over a few kids from the playground nearby. Trixx squeaked and dove back under the hat. If that news report from a few days ago was right, the clowns were tied to the disappearances of kids all over town. If he didn’t do something, these kids would end up in the same situation. But he couldn’t just transform now, what could he do to stop it?

He saw a rock a few feet away. It would have to do.

The kids were halfway across the street when he picked up the rock and threw it. It hit the small clown right in the head, making it turn his way with an accusatory glare. Focus gone, it lost its hold on the kids and they quickly ran off.

But now Nathanael was getting dizzy. His feet here beginning to move without his permission, and his thoughts were getting foggy, maybe he should just let the clown take him to its leader, get to the bottom of this mess--

“Nathanael, don’t!!” his kwami hissed, tugging his hair hard. He reached a hand up to soothe the pain and found himself closer to the clown than he would ever really want to be. The small trickster tried to grab him, but he jumped out of the way and ran down the street to his house.

He didn’t stop running until he’d gotten home, and didn’t even think about relaxing until he’d locked all the doors and windows. His fingers were trembling when he called the police station to file another clown sighting report, and he felt his breath shaking as he spoke. The officer thanked him for saving the kids, and urged him to get a drink of water and get some rest for the day. He promised to oblige once he hung up.

“So, when should I wake you?”

“Huh… around 7.” he sighed as he filled a glass with water and took a few sips. The water felt cold in his belly, sending a calming chill through his veins. His breathing began to relax a bit. “Yeah, I think that’s sunset. Get me around sunset.”

“Alright! Go get some rest!”

“Okay, okay, I am, I am.” he raised a hand in mock-surrender before heading into his room. He put his glass on the nightstand and laid in bed patiently until sleep overtook his senses.

Notes:

Sorry, this chapter was kind of short. The next chapter will probably be longer, and Nathanael transforms for the first time!
For those who may be interested, I do art streams on Twitch usually at least once a week, on the weekends. If you want to hop in, they usually start around 6:30-7:30, and I'll be painting a drawing I did of Nathanael's Vulpes costume! Here's a link! 
Follow Flautist4ever
Or follow me at anipwrites, or my art-only blog anip-art!
Happy Valentines Day! I hope you have a good day, and I'll see you next update!
Notes:

Feel free to follow my tumblr, anipwrites.tumblr.com, or my art-only blog anip-art.tumblr.com!
Thanks for tuning in! Have a wonderful day!
Summary:

"Ah. Guess you've found a few clowns in Gotham too, huh? Other than the usuals, obviously."
Notes:

Inspired by this
(See the end of the work for more notes.)

Work Text:

"What?" Bruce snapped from the screen.

Tony showed no react to the tone, too used to Bruce's temper and dramatics by now. Instead, he watched the other man for a moment. He was still in the suit, the black grease paint still around his eyes was making him look like a grumpy raccoon, and his hair sticking in all directions.

It was by far not his best look, but it was still worth it, in a funny kinda cute way.

"We're in a mood, I see." He commented casually. "What's wrong now?"

"You're honestly asking me that." He said in a flat tone, hazel eyes glaring in his direction.

"Well, yeah."

Tony saw Bruce clench his jaw and look away for a second. He still looked stressed and angry when he turned back, but no longer seemed ready to snap as he had before.

"There are people all over the country- the world dressing up as clowns and going out at night to make pranks, and you're asking me that."

"Ah. Guess you've found a few clowns in Gotham too, huh? Other than the usuals, obviously."

"That would be correct, if by 'a few' you mean dozens of them. And if you're also referring to stupid teenagers playing around, as well as real criminals using the situation to his advantage."

Tony winced. Okay, as if he needed any more proof of just how fucked up the city was. Of course, they had to turn a stupid trend into a huge fucking disaster. No wonder Bruce was at the end of his rope right now. Hell, the idiot probably was handling this better than he had any right to, given how he was.

"This is the last thing the city needs," Bruce said, frustration clear in his voice. "Gordon and his men have their hands full dealing with this on top of the backlash of the drug bust that went down two weeks ago."

"Hmm, well, at least things haven't got too out of control," Tony comment as he skimmed through the city's headlines of the past couple of days on one of his holographic screens.

Bruce sighed, leaning back in his seat. "The only good thing right now is that Joker is still locked up in Arkham. I can't even begin to imagine the chaos that would arise if he were to get involved in this."

"Don't even say that! That's the kind of crap nightmare are made of."

Bruce snorted softly.

"No, but seriously. You're making sure the psycho stays in the loony bin, right?"

"Yes. Gordon ordered to strengthen the security measures in Arkham and especially in the Joker's cell. I'm also keeping a close eye on the surveillance in case something happens."

"Good," Tony said with a nod.

On the screen, Bruce reached for a glass of that disgusting green thing he liked to drink. He downed the whole glass in a matter of seconds.

"That's disgusting."

"That's healthy," Bruce countered like he always did.

"And crap like that is exactly why I will always stay on the other side. The fun and unhealthy side, 'cause YOLO."

Bruce rolled his eyes. "Do you need something?"

"I need a lot of somethings, sugar. You'll have to be more specific." Tony shot back with a grin.

"You started the chat. I'm asking if there's something you wanted to talk about."

He did, actually. He had wanted to bitch about the contract Luthor had snatched from SI, but that was a moot point now.

"You wound me, Brucie-bear," Tony replied, placing a hand over his heart. "I don't need a reason to want to talk with you. I just missed my lovely boyfriend and wanted to see him. Don't tell me you don't miss me even a little."

"I do," Bruce admitted softly after a pause.

"You do what?

"I do miss you, Anthony." He shot him fondly exasperated look. "Are you happy now?"

"Ecstatic!" Tony replied with a grin.

"You know," The billionaire commented after a moment. "You haven't told me how the Foundation's latest project is going, sweet cheeks."

The last Wayne Foundation event raised funds for the construction and maintenance of a couple of schools in the Narrows. Given the complex nature of the whole project and what it wanted to accomplish, constructing the buildings was going to be the easy part.

Having the money was a huge step, but there was more than that to make sure this worked out. From getting good teachers to work there, the security, and even convince and help parents and kids to participate.

It wasn't going to be easy to get this off the ground, and yet, Tony saw Bruce's eyes light up slightly at the mere mention of the project, and even a brief smile tugged at the man’s mouth.

Talking about the Foundation's projects always put Bruce in a good mood, and right now it didn't even matter that he could see right through what Tony was trying to do with this.

Bruce was too fucking stubborn to accept any help in his self-imposed crusade as the Bat, but at least Tony could help him unwind for a little bit.

It wasn't perfect, but it was something.

Notes:

I apologize if anyone is offended by this, but I just couldn't resist. The whole clown thing is just ridiculous and then the idea popped into my head right after reading that article and this pretty much wrote itself.

This is unbetaed and I'm not a native speaker, so please feel free to point out any mistake you find.
Summary:

Reader brings Sam to a carnival to enjoy their day off from hunting, but it doesn’t go as planned.
Notes:

I wanted to do something a bit different & try a Supernatural one-shot. FYI if you have a fear of clowns, proceed with caution. I have a few other idea's in mind, but focusing on Marvel rn. Please let me know what you think!! Enjoy!
(See the end of the work for more notes.)

Work Text:

 

 

 

“(Y/N), I don’t think this is such a great idea.”

 

You thought that going to a carnival that was in town would be a good idea to relax. It was your first weekend off from any cases, so you decided that some fun was dully needed. “Come on Sam, this is our first day off in weeks. Please? It’ll be fun, I promise.” You pouted your lips and gave him your signature puppy dog eyes. He dropped his head, you had him.

“Fine, let’s go.”

He gave you a small smile as you jumped up and down happily, “Thanks Sam!” You skipped to your room and grabbed your stuff and left.

 

The sight amazed you. All the colors, the music, the scent of popcorn and fried foods filled your senses. You dragged Sam to basically every booth there was. Sam won you a small teddy bear from bottle pin booth. You hugged it to your chest as the both of you shared a bag of popcorn, decided where you wanted to go next. “Well (Y/N), where to next?” You shoved a handful of popcorn in your mouth as you looked around.

 

“Um…ooo how about that one?” You pointed to where a photo booth was. “Let’s go then.” Sam grabbed your hand and headed over to the booth. When you both got there, he held the curtain for you, “Milady.” You held back a giggle, before straightening yourself and curtsying for him.

 

“Why thank you, my dear sir.”

Sam sat down and pulled you onto his lap, wrapping his arms around you. “What do you want to do first (Y/N)?” He asked as he placed his chin on your shoulder.

 

“How about a funny face, then a cute one?”

“What’s up with you and all these cute idea’s?” You elbowed him in the ribs, “Come on you know you love it.” The brush of his slight stubble tickled your neck. “That I do.” You blushed as he placed kisses along your shoulder and up your neck.

“You’re going to ruin the pictures, Sam.”

 

“Let’s just take the pictures and get home, so I can finish what I started.” You slipped in the quarters and leaned back into Sam’s chest. The camera flashed as you both made funny faces. You were preparing to make another face when Sam turned your face towards him and placed a heated kiss onto your lips. You sighed into the kiss and wrapped a hand into his hair and pulled him closer to you. The last flash jolted you out of the moment. “Let’s go see what how they turned out!” You jumped out of Sam’s lap and out of the booth.

 

“Sam! You ruined them!” He walked up behind you and looked over your shoulder.

“No, I think they look great. You look great.” The pictures showed you and Sam making silly faces, but the last ones were of the both of you kissing. Your hand in Sam’s hair and his hand underneath your shirt.

“Stop it, you’re ruining all the fun.” He let out a laugh as he wrapped his arm around your waist and walked away from the booth. “Okay, we can go to one more place, then we have to get back.” You grabbed your stuff bear and looked around for one last place to go to. You turned around and froze.

 

“(Y/N)? (Y/N) what’s wrong?” Without knowing, you pulled the bear closer to your chest.

“Hey uh, Sam? H-how bad d-do you hate clowns?” You noticed his body tense and go rigid, his breath quickened. There behind him a few feet away was the clown that you first saw when you first came to the carnival. The clown just looked at you and gave you a sly smile, while tilting its head at you.

“S-Sam…?” The clown’s grin widened as sharp teeth immersed from its gums. Sam stood frozen but noticed your hesitation.

“(Y/N) talk to me.” You pointed behind him, “Ever take down a clown vampire?” He seemed to jump out of his skin when he turned to where you pointed.

 

“Uh…shit, we aren’t prepared to deal with vamps. (Y/N) we really need to leave, but we need to draw it away from everyone else. We can’t let anyone else get hurt.”  

“Don’t tell me you’re scared Sam.” You tried to make your voice sound steady, but it wavered slightly. He just glared at you, “You don’t sound so sure either (Y/N).”

 

You gulped, “Well…y-yeah, clowns aren’t exactly my fav-Sam where’d it go?” You noticed that the clown was no longer behind Sam. In fact, it was nowhere to be seen. Sam looked around frantically, his face paled as sweat formed on his forehead, his eyes frantically searching around you.

“We need to go. Maybe it’ll follow after us, but let’s get back to the car.” He tugged you with him to where you parked, but every noise that was made, caused him to jump. Until something bright caught your eye.

 

“Sam look out!” There waiting behind a truck was the clown already pouncing on Sam. A very uncharacteristic squeal left Sam’s mouth as it tackled him to the ground.

 

“Sam!” You pulled out the gun from your waistband and pulled the trigger. But it was useless, only making it more relentless. He struggled against it, forcing its mouth away from his neck.

“(Y/N)! Go to the trunk!” You grabbed the keys from the grass and opened the Impala’s trunk and grabbed the machete. Sam kicked the clown off him and straight to you. One swing was all it took, before it fell down in two heaps. You reached your hand to Sam to help him up, glancing down at the now beheaded vampire clown.  

 

“T-This stays between us. Dean does not know. Okay?”

 

“You got it. My lips are sealed.” After you two burned the body, you got into the Impala and headed back to the bunker. You called Dean to let him know you were on your way back. “So, how was the carnival? Get Sam to eat any junk food?”

 

“We had a blast and yes, we had our fair share. Hey uh…Dean?”

“Yes.”

“Next time there’s a carnival, you go.” You hung up and squeezed Sam’s hand tightly, “We’re locking your door, pouring salt around your bed and drawing sigils everywhere.” He looked at you shocked, “I’m not taking any chances.” He smiled at you, “How did you become so smart?”

“Ever since clowns became viscous, blood sucking monsters.”

 

The next day, Dean walked around the bunker to find a line of salt in front of every doorway and sigils drawn all over the place. But you two were nowhere in sight, the only person he could see, was a very very pissed off angel wondering why he was placed in an angel trap and why your room was warded against basically every creature known to man. He heard the sound of a door opening, only to see a very pale faced Sam peek his head out the door. Dean noticed Sam look around the hallway, taking in the lines of salt and sigils littering the walls.

 

“(Y/N), you know that the bunker is already warded against everything we’ve come across, right? And don’t you think the salt is a little bit overkill?”


“Well, I don’t give a fuck. Like I said, I’m not taking any chances.” With that, the door slammed shut leaving a still very confused Dean and a pissed off angel.  

 

https://www.pinterest.com/pin/521010250625903823/ (Photo of the clown)

Notes:

I drew a clown as a little visual of the clowpire, vampclown, etc. But didn't spend that much time on it, because let's be honest....clowns are fucking terrifying & I didn't want to stare at clown too long to draw this.
http://www.creeptrek.com
This web app, which can run on any devices, though bare-bones at the moment, is to be used for safety measures and tracking clowns for "clown hunting" groups.
It appears there isn't any form of verification at the moment (so fake sightings could be reported atm..), though I have word from the developer that this is coming within the next few days.
Creepy clowns have been sighted all over the capital of the Lone Star State for some time now.
Alex Jones was out on a cold night pontificating when he was confronted by a creepy clown.
This is obviously satire playing off of people’s fear of clowns, but Alex does cover engaging topics ranging from Plato’s cave to Russian hacking.
Pittsburgh area police are investigating reports of the apparent return of creepy clowns, and this time they’re allegedly armed.

A group of children in suburban West Mifflin were playing in the woods by their homes in the early evening Saturday when they reported that two men dressed like scary clowns and carrying weapons approached and chased them.

“My kid came running in the house screaming that there were two guys chasing him,” Michael Milkowski told KDKA-TV.

Milkowski said he was skeptical, but walked out of his house to see two men running away. One man appeared to be carrying a shotgun, the other a pipe.

Police searched the area for hours after receiving Milkowski’s 911 call, but found no one. Extra officers have continued to patrol the area.

The report follows a respite from rash of creepy clown reports across the country and overseas — some of them real and some imagined, which began last summer. Clown sightings were reported in several states, including New York, New Jersey, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Texas and California.

Police have arrested several people for trespassing and causing mischief in clown masks. Officers arrested a Wisconsin couple on suspicion of child neglect after allegedly leaving their 4-year-old daughter home alone so they could go out on the streets and scare strangers. Some people were arrested for making false creepy clown reports. A teenager was fatally stabbed in Pennsylvania, apparently in a fight over the clown mask he was wearing.

In October, horror writer Stephen King issued a plea on Twitter for people to “cool the clown hysteria.”

 Follow
 Stephen King ✔ @StephenKing
Hey, guys, time to cool the clown hysteria--most of em are good, cheer up the kiddies, make people laugh.
2:00 PM - 3 Oct 2016
  7,938 7,938 Retweets   15,960 15,960 likes
King’s 1986 novel It features a monster named Pennywise who appears in human form as a murderous clown to terrorize young children. Tim Curry played the character in a popular 1990 TV miniseries. Swedish actor Bill Skarsgård portrays the clown in the new movie of the same name, due to hit theaters in the fall of 2017. 
Pacman32166 15 points 5 months ago 
I don't think people in the right mind will want to dress up as clowns this year unless they intend on doing something stupid.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]GhostOfDawn1 16 points 5 months ago 
I'd be afraid somebody would shoot me.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]darrendewey 3 points 5 months ago 
I've been planning my costume since last year, I planned on being a clown and am still going to be a clown.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Mikey-506 10 points 5 months ago 
Well, I think all this attention will make it a thing. It will become a learned behaviour as you are seeing. Media hype will only fuel it as other potential clowns watch in awe at the attention being generated.
Wow, imagine that, a real life virus sorta.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]That_Fable 0 points 5 months ago 
An elementary school around my local area just a had shooting, confirmed, it was people toting carbine rifles with clown masks on. Officer was shot :/
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Mikey-506 1 point 5 months ago 
Woah, im going to look into this
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Mikey-506 1 point 5 months ago 
Source? I could not find anything
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Lukakke 3 points 5 months ago 
You might see a decline of cities participating in trick-or-treat or adjusted times for it earlier in the night. However, in some cities with more risk than other, they will advise against clown costumes and even stop and question those wearing them.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]ZachTGD 7 points 5 months ago 
We're having clown sightings in northern New York. 3 of them have already been shot.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]Ketherah 2 points 5 months ago 
Now I just have to buy a bulletproof vest, a clown suit, and a lawyer.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Slacktopus 3 points 5 months ago 
Bam!
"Jokes on you I got a bulle-"
Bam bam!
blood gurgling sound
"I-I'm...sueing"
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Cheddarmelon 2 points 5 months ago 
I was just looking at a facebook page of some guy and a bunch of his friends that dress up as clowns and were literally posting pictures of high schools in Albany, NY calling out other kids. They had some really unsettling pictures and videos posted, I'm pretty positive they aren't human.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Seexybeast6969 1 point 5 months ago 
I dont get why people are scared im pretty sure clowns are weaker then humans
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]Slacktopus 3 points 5 months ago 
Yeah the fat ones explode into acid and confetti though so be careful out there guys.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]bashfulcreature 1 point 5 months ago 
There's actually been shootings from this? How is there no further news? Why aren't suspects being named?
If this is becoming such a widely known case, I have high doubts there have been arrests/deaths without further explanation to the public
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]sabbathan 1 point 5 months ago 
How do you report that without widespread fear or copycats when you don't actually know what's going on yet?
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]eliGmon[S] -2 points 5 months ago 
Heck yeah man! Haha glad people are actually punishing these retards.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]LiveL33t 3 points 5 months ago 
Some facts: http://time.com/4518456/scary-clown-sighting-attack-craze/
From that article:
"The mass hysteria has not yet led to any serious injuries or deaths, likely because most of the clown sightings involved either young pranksters dressed as clowns or callers inventing clown stories."
Media sensationalism is what you should fear, among other things... But not clowns... Good day!
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]eliGmon[S] 2 points 5 months ago 
I think alot of stupid people will do it anyways and I think that might give openings to the real clowns to do what they want. I'm bet alot of stupid people in chicago will do this and make a big scene as well.
permalinkembedsavereportgive goldreply
[–]miniman03 1 point 5 months ago 
The "real clowns"? What do you mean by that? Like, the first guys to start wearing the clown outfits? The guys who started this don't want to do shit, it was a joke that tons of people decided to participate in.
permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply
[–]eliGmon[S] 1 point 5 months ago 
I thought all of the clown commotion started from men down dressing as clowns and luring children into the forest. Shows ehat I know haha
